%BOM---------------------
Date:8/23/2012 10:16:24 PM
From:Paul Senior
EKS. I'm not doing well with so many of my small e&p oil companies. Good news
tonight though from SDCJF: Company will monetize some land holdings at an
attractive price. A surprisingly attractive price from what I can discern.
Company still seems to be undervalued -- I haven't thoroughly summed up the
component parts though to come up with a number. I will take on a few more
shares though tonight.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=SEA.AX&ql=0
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/23/2012 10:52:41 PM
From:NikhilJog
point taken:)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/23/2012 10:54:31 PM
From:NikhilJog
excellent point clown - i am not that smart to know, therefore i ask. i hope
that would suffice as an answer?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/23/2012 11:54:18 PM
From:Spekulatius
Re GLD my contrarian view is that GLD is vastly overowned in some hedge fund
circles. Those guys are not necessarily strong hands either, if they get hit by
redemptions, they have to sell. Paulson is not the only one with a huge
allocation to GLD but he is one of the largest:

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-08-15/paulson-steps-up-gold-bet-to-44-of-fir
-s-equity-assets.html
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/24/2012 12:19:26 AM
From:NikhilJog
so are you short gold?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/24/2012 9:55:20 AM
From:Sergio H
Normally I would agree with your contrarian view based on oversized position by
hedge funds, but other than institutional investment there's not much else
going on. It's weird, almost like musical chairs with extra chairs.

,
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/24/2012 9:58:41 AM
From:Sergio H
Nik, on DELL why buy LEAPS now? DELL may not have bottomed yet and the market
after the elections promises to be even more challenging.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/24/2012 11:05:48 AM
From:NikhilJog
To buy more if the stock goes down further, but at 15 cents a share, my total
amount used to go long the company is less that what i made on special
dividends on my SLE investment alone.

As you know, they took a hit on PC, but what no one is talking about is 3% to
15% growth in their service segment which is half the business now.

15 cents looked like a good price. If it goes down more, to say 8 cents, i will
buy another 20 contracts. But since i am not going to trade ( its a long term
investment), i did not want to wait.

The best time to buy is when shit is hitting the fan. More downtrend in the mkt
is better for me. Also, might want to read article in today's WSJ which talks
about medium size firms increasing their IT budgets - space where Dell rules!
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/24/2012 11:57:06 AM
From:E_K_S
It looks like BKH is also the beneficiary of today's QEP acquisition.

http://goo.gl/Xc9JX

http://goo.gl/Fn35i
<blockquote>Black Hills Corp. (BKH) today announced that its oil and gas
subsidiary, Black Hills Exploration & Production, Inc., signed a definitive
agreement to sell approximately 85 percent of its Bakken and Three Forks shale
assets in the Williston Basin for approximately $243 million, subject to
customary pre-closing and post-closing adjustments. The sale has an effective
date of July 1, 2012, with an estimated closing date on or before Sept. 30,
2012.</blockquote>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------
Here is the complete story on Sundance Energy Australia Limited (SDCJF) sale.
FWIW, still underwater on my small position. Will continue to hold since the
premise of the original buy still is good (ie property they own is undervalued
relative to the price of the stock).

http://goo.gl/CNgHA

<blockquote>Quote:Sale of South Antelope Field Represents a Significant
Crystallisation of Value for Sundance • Sale price of US$44,200 per acre
demonstrates strong buyer interest in quality Bakken assets • Generated a
profit of US$150m, or 3x our total investment, and approximately a 75% internal
rate of return over the 5 year investment period • Sundance retains its other
holdings in the Bakken play – Phoenix, Goliath and Manitou • Frees up
significant funding able to be used for debt repayment, redeployment into
existing development projects and investment into new high interest Company
operated projects Sundance Energy Australia Limited (ASX: SEA, Sundance) is
pleased to announce the divestment of its working interest in the South
Antelope field in the Williston Basin, as part of the sale process undertaken
by the Operator of the field, Helis Oil & Gas. Sundance retains its other
holdings in the Bakken. The sale price for Sundance’s working interest
including approximately 3,900 acres is US$172.4 million in cash which is
approximately 130% of the Company’s South Antelope Field 30 June 2011 PV10 of
3P reserves1 as calculated by Netherland Sewell. The transaction is highly
value accretive for the Company and compares favourably to recent similar
transactions in the Bakken. The sale equates to an implied price
ofapproximately US$49.00 per barrel of proved reserves, US$14.20 per barrel of
3P reserves and US$344,000 per barrel of oil equivalent produced per day.
Importantly, the Company expects to be able to defer the majority of the tax
impact of this transaction. The funds generated from the sale of South Antelope
will be initially used to pay down the Company’s senior debt facility and are
able to be redeployed into existing core development projects. However, the
funding also provides the Company with the financial flexibility to pursue a
number of new opportunities which are currently under review. Sundance’s
Managing Director, Eric McCrady said, “The Operator’s decision to sell its
working interest in the South Antelope field provided us with an excellent
opportunity to join the sale process and monetise our interest in a
non-operated asset at an attractive price. The cash consideration from the sale
significantly bolsters Sundance’s funding capacity to repay debt, redeploy
capital into existing projects and pursue new value accretive project
acquisition opportunities. In line with our stated strategy, the sale of South
Antelope accelerates our shift towards redeploying capital into high interest
Company operated projects. This strategy will enable Sundance to control the
pace and cost of development in its projects.” Transaction Details The South
Antelope field divestment was part of the sales process undertaken by Helis Oil
& Gas (Helis). Helis is a privately held US focused oil and gas exploration and
production company. The purchaser of the South Antelope field, QEP Energy
Company, a subsidiary of QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE: QEP), is a leading
independent natural gas and oil exploration and production company focused in
the Rocky Mountains and Midcontinent regions of the United States, with an
enterprise value of approximately $6.8 billion and cash and undrawn credit
facilities of approximately $1.5 billion. A binding and conditional Purchase
and Sale Agreement (PSA) was executed in the US on 23 August 2012. The PSA,
which is effective as of 1 July 2012, is subject to several common closing
conditions such as confirmatory due diligence and closing of the Helis
transaction but is not subject to any financing contingencies for QEP. QEP has
placed a 10% deposit in escrow to secure its obligations under the PSA.
Depending on timing of the satisfaction of the various conditions, we expect
the transaction to close in September of this year.</blockquote> I may cash in
my stub position in BKH as they now have those coal assets that really have
limited value IMO. They do operate an aggregate "construction" division that
may benefit from the oil shale development in the area.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/24/2012 5:36:15 PM
From:Madharry
interesting choice of language as HPQ is one of seth klarmans largest
positions. I was convinced that with a 3% dividend and 14% free cash flow yield
it was cheap enough now. I believe there is no reason they cant figure out a
way to be innovative as a company generating that kind of cash flow. if not i
think they can survive long enough for me to get my money out in dividends and
share repurchases.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/25/2012 2:21:20 PM
From:Spekulatius
FMBL - averaging up at 4345$ . This bank has produced fairly good results -
127$/share in earnings for the last quarter. 27% risk based Tier I ratio. 700M$
in tangible equity and 2B$ in loans, the rest of the balance sheet are very
safe bonds. Market cap is 560M$. NIM is 3.7%. If they ever get the loan
portfolio growing again, the earnings should go north of 600$/share easily.
They are semi-private but do publish results and there are of course FDIC
records (as for any other bank). The stock is illiquid bot otherwise but from a
business and valuation perspective it's as cheap and straightforward of a bank
as you can get.

https://www.fmb.com/assets/files/investors/latest-reports/earnings-announcement
/Earnings_2ndQuarter_2012.pdf
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/25/2012 2:39:32 PM
From:Spekulatius
The FCF yield is only high if you don't count what they spent on acquisitions.
They spent for example 10B$ for Autonomy, which apparently is already a basket
case. Then they have done other acquisitions like Palm, EDS where Palm is a
total writeoff and EDS at least a partial one (they just did a goodwill
writeoff for EDS, which means that accountants believe that HPQ will not be
able to generate enough earnings with this acquisitions to justify the purchase
price). The question is what is going to happen going forward. HPQ is has huge
secular (imo) headwinds in the printer and PC business that they need to
address somehow. My suspicion is that one balance sheet is fixed, more
(hopefully better thought out) acquisitions are likely to come, in order to
fill product line gaps and keep revenues from collapsing in dying business
lines , like what is happening with PBI.

My tke is that FCF is not really worth much, if you fight secular headwinds and
have to deal with shrinking business. You can choose to distribute the cash
like PBI and just die with your business (look at PBI stock as an example to
see how this works out) or fight by investing the cash flow in growing business
(at high multiples usually) which is what DELL and probably HPQ is going to do.
I am not sure I want to invest in any of these alternatives, if I want to own a
software company, which is what HPQ want to become, I just buy MSFT or ORCL
stock (which are reasonable valued) and don't have to deal with the part of the
business, that experience headwinds.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/25/2012 3:16:20 PM
From:Spekulatius
Speaking of banks, there is a fantastic (imo) post about stock of National
banks, namely the Swiss and Begian natinal banks. These are the national bank,
not just by name they are the real thing - the instution that issues the
currency (in case if Swiss National bank) and keeps the currency reserves
(Belgian National bank). With the latter, you get a share if the ballooning
interest they earn on currency reserves, which makes it an interesting dividend
stock in its own right, earning 6% right now. Plus, you have the coolness
factor of owning a piece of the Belgian national bank!

http://valueandopportunity.com/2012/08/21/new-series-strange-stocks-part-1-swis
-national-bank-snb-and-banque-national-de-belgique-bnb/

FWIW, valueandopportunity is my favorite Euro centric value blog.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/25/2012 5:31:23 PM
From:elmatador
Goodbye, ethanol
Rubens Ometto, the controller of Cosan, got tired of the sugar and alcohol
industry’s “roller-coaster”—and, after investing upwards of 7 billion Reals, he
is creating a new conglomerate. And there is no place for sugarcane in it. |
MARCELO ONAGA

Rubens Ometto got tired of being the world’s biggest refinery owner. Holder of
a fortune estimated at 2.7 billion Dollars, which makes him the 19th richest
Brazilian national, he has produced more ethanol from sugarcane than any other
entrepreneur in history. Ometto spent each of his 62 years around sugarcane
farms: he was born and raised in a sugar refinery founded by his grandparents
in Piracicaba, in the interior of the state of S&#227;o Paulo—and, since then,
he has experienced a bit of everything, in a cyclothymia typical of an industry
that is either broke or in the money. He almost went bankrupt and fought with
his family (including his mother) for control over the company. With cold blood
and an enormous disposition for risk, he bought out his messed-up competitors
until he became the largest absolute plantation owner of a conglomerate that
crushes 124 tons of sugarcane per minute. Ometto is what he is today because of
sugarcane—but, a while ago, he commenced a surprising change of directions: all
his recent investments were made in areas that have nothing to do with sugar or
alcohol. His latest and most daring step in this direction was taken in early
May. For 3.4 billion Reals, he completed the purchase of Comg&#225;s, the
largest natural gas distributor in Brazil. It is the biggest acquisition of his
life. “The sugar and alcohol market is a roller-coaster,” said Ometto to EXAME.
“I am investing in more stable industries.”

The purchase of Comg&#225;s was the apex of a movement started four years ago.
That was when Ometto spent 1.5 billion Reals to buy the Esso chain of fuel
stations from American outfit Exxon Mobil. Less than a year later, Ometto and
British-Dutch company Shell announced the merger of their operations in Brazil,
creating Ra&#237;zen, the fifth largest company in the country, with earnings
worth 50 billion Reals. All the Cosan refineries and Esso fuel stations were
included in the deal, in addition to the Shell fuel stations. The contact also
included Cosan debt of 2.5 billion Reals and a 1.6 billion Real contribution
from Shell. With the deal closed, the executive went off to create a new
conglomerate. He founded a logistics company, called Rumo. He also created or
bought food, energy cogeneration, lubricant and land management companies. In
February, he offered 900 million Reals to enter the controlling group of ALL,
the nation’s largest independent logistics operator. Now, with the Comg&#225;s
acquisition, Ometto is extending his transformation even further. The sales of
ethanol, sugar

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-39-ED.jp
'>

and electric energy generated from burning sugarcane bagasse, that a little
over three years ago represented 100 percent of Ometto’s business, will now
account for 18 percent of Cosan’s earnings in 2012. If all of the deals are
closed, Cosan’s earnings will top out at 30.5 billion Reals and the group will
become one of the 15th largest in the nation.

It is an unprecedented change of course. Diversifying a company’s business and,
thus, reducing its risks, is a decision that has been on the radar screen of
executives and businessmen the world over. A recently-concluded study of the
Boston Consulting Group shows that groups that don’t depend on just one
business were better off during the crisis (read the report on p. 94). This is
natural, since businesses that are doing well can help maintain the ones that
are not fairing so well. What draws attention in the case of Rubens Ometto is
the magnitude of the metamorphosis his company has been going through. Since
1936, when it was founded, until 2008, after all, Cosan did basically one
thing. It bought sugarcane from producers, turned the feedstock into sugar or
alcohol and then sold them. The company’s success and the fortune Ometto
accumulated are proof positive that all that simplicity worked very well for
seven decades. But in a woeful five years, as was seen, that reality was turned
inside-out: in the process, Ometto spent upwards of seven billion Reals in
acquisitions and investments.

METAMORPOHSIS

Allied to the most recent acquisitions, the creation of Ra&#237;zen, two years
ago, is the greatest evidence that, to Ometto, the future is not in sugarcane.
The signing of the agreement split his companies into two. The refineries and
fuel stations are under Ra&#237;zen. Any activity that is not related to
sugarcane or to fuel distribution is 100 percent Ometto’s and was not included
in the joint venture with Shell. The agreement between the two provides that,
in January of 2020, Shell will have the right to buy the 50 percent Cosan holds
in the company. In case the multinational opts to

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-40-ED.jp
'>

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-41-ED.jp
'>

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-42-ED.JP
'>

exercise its right, Ometto can, in turn, refuse the offer and sell only 25
percent. But five years later, no matter the scenario, Shell will have the
option to buy everything and take over 100 percent of the business. If it does
not exercise its right, Cosan can buy all of Shell’s stakes in Ra&#237;zen,
something considered unlikely. “The agreement looks a lot more like an
acquisition operation than a joint venture,” says Salim Morsy, a Bloomberg New
Energy Finance analyst. The businessman says Ra&#237;zen will continue to
invest in ethanol and sugar and that it has no interest in selling its shares.
But it also says it does not tear contracts up. “If Shell wishes to exercise
its right to buy, I will sell.” In this case, Ometto would leave behind his
historic relationship with refineries, because they would be taken over by the
multinational.

“If I were to run the company the way the market wants, it would be better to
put an analyst in my place,” remarks Ometto

Behind Cosan’s metamorphosis is a confirmation from Ometto—the best way to
protect his assets is to leave them out of the ebb and tide of the sugar and
alcohol industry. In the last 30 years, Brazilian refinery owners went through
three major crises. In 1985, oil prices dipped low, knocking down ethanol
prices. Four years later, there was a sugarcane shortage in Brazil (and those
who had cars at the time remember the lines to fill ethanol-fired vehicles). In
2008, credit dried up and an unprecedented refinery liquidation phase ensued.
“It doesn’t make sense to have a business with years of high profits and other
years with losses that can affect its financial health”, says Ometto. “That’s
how the sugar cane industry is.” His family’s refineries went through a
near-death experience in the 90s, when they were in too much debt (they owed
more than their annual revenues). The businessman fought with his relatives
because he defended joining all their refineries into a single group (he, of
course, would be the person in charge), a way to increase efficiency. That’s
when he fought with his mother, who was against the deal and took the issue to
the courts. Ometto, the son, ended up winning—and at the end of the process,
Cosan was born. Naturally cautious, since then he has looked for ways to reduce
the level of risk of his business. The first step was to increase power
cogeneration at the refineries. In the last decade, the company invested two
billion Reals in this niche. With prices regulated by the government in
long-term contracts, power ensured constant revenue, acting as a form of
insurance for sugar and ethanol in case of a harvest bust. The cogeneration
revenues, however, did not support the company’s growth needs. That was when
Ometto noticed that, to defend his assets, it would be necessary to take
another step.

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-43-ED.jp
'>

What happened from there was a sequence of deals that were absolutely faithful
to Ometto’s style, one of notorious aggressiveness. When he started his
post-sugarcane expansion plan, from the get-go, he entered a war with Cosan’s
minority shareholders. To increase his investment capacity without running the
risk of dilution if things went wrong, Ometto create a company in Bermuda to
control Cosan. In the company based in the fiscal heaven, the Brazilian would
have guaranteed control because of a special class of stock—which he could not
do in Brazil, since his company is listed on the Bovespa’s “Novo Mercado” (New
Market), a segment listing companies which, in theory, complied with high
principles of governance and transparency. This was not well-taken—actually it
was very poorly taken—,the shareholders complained, but the operation went
forward. This style was also repeated in acquisitions. Cosan became what it
became because Ometto nourished an uncommon taste for taking companies over
using borrowed money ( the competition would quickly spread the news that the
debt was not payable and that it would not be long before he was broke). The
company was born with seven refineries. Today, it has 24. The entrepreneur
repeated the process when it came time to diversify. His proposal of two
billion Reals for Esso was above Petrobras’, at the time the absolute favorite
to win the auction. With the recent offerings for ALL and Comg&#225;s, Ometto
will double Cosan’s debt, which will be close to seven billion Reals—the risk
rating agencies soon threatened to lower the company’s rating.

THE FAD IS OVER

Ometto, as usual, doesn’t care about the yellow light that lit up in the
financial market. “If I were to run the company the way the market wants me to,
it would be better off putting an analyst in my place”, he says. The most
skeptical analysts also criticize the lack of connection among the businesses.
What does gas distribution have to do with cargo transportation? To refute the
criticism, Cosan executives like to cite the example of Rumo Log&#237;stica, a
company created in 2009. Ometto invested 1.3 billion Reals

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-44-ED_01
jpg'>

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-44-ED_03
jpg'>

on the purchase of 72 locomotives, 800 cars and on the duplication of railway
sections close to Santos to create Rumo. The investment was good for the
productivity of the company’s sugar interests: The unloading operation of a car
at the port of Santos, which used to take 45 minutes, was done in 40 seconds
after Rumo was created. The businessman states that any company that operates
in the markets he is interested in will be in his sights to, at the end of the
process, create his clean energy and logistics conglomerate. Ometto’s
“get-up-and-go” style worked out in the sugar and alcohol industry. Will it
work out in the new phase? This is not known, but this time, he at least starts
off with the benefit of the doubt.

The government keeps the price of gasoline artificially low—which is terrible
for ethanol

Five years ago, Rubens Ometto’s wave of investments in anything that was not
connected to sugarcane would be unthinkable. After all, Brazil was at the peak
of euphoria around ethanol—treated by Bras&#237;lia as the great economic
calling of the county, destined, as it was to supply clean energy to a world
hooked on oil. Three companies operating in the industry had IPOs and were
listed on the S&#227;o Paulo stock exchange. At the height, in 2008,
investments in the construction of new refineries topped at 10 billion dollars.
That was when the ethanol promise attracted great names of worldwide capitalism
of the likes of investor George Soros and the founder of AOL, Steve Case. In
the field, the image of the refinery owners was illustrated by a notable
modernization, substituting day laborers for machines, government money for
private money, complaining for growth. The old sugarcane, brought to Brazil by
Martim Afonso de Souza almost 500 years ago, symbolized a new country, green
and modern (then-president Luiz In&#225;cio Lula da Silva stated, in a famous
speech, that refinery owners went from “bandits to world heroes” and those that
criticized ethanol had their hands “soiled in oil”). Ometto was at the
forefront of this process. Cosan’s IPO, in 2005, was a high mark in the
industry’s history. His reach for scale lead the refineries to unparalleled
efficiency in an industry eroded by years of rudimentary administration.

The fanfare would soon end. It is symbolic that Cosan is exactly the company
that, little-by-little, is undoing its investments in sugar and alcohol to make
money elsewhere. It is a reflection of a county that had an intense, even if
brief love affair with renewable energy. By late 2008, in the midst of the
financial crisis that would shake Brazilian refineries’ finances, Petrobras
started prospecting the oil reserves nestled in the pre-salt layer. It was the
mother of ironies. The federal government soon forgot ethanol. Oil, to repeat
Lula’s metaphor, went from “bandit to hero.” Since the ethanol market is
currently highly regulated and dependent upon Bras&#237;lia’s moods, the
discovery of the pre-salt was decisive. The government, which had been helping,
started getting in the way. For over a year, Petrobras has maintained gasoline
prices artificially low, a way of containing inflation. Since the price of
ethanol is directly linked to that of gasoline, producers cannot pass on the
cost increases that they may have due to harvest issues. The profit margins, in
this scenario, vanish. To make things worse, the government has been reducing
gas taxation by reducing the Contribution for Intervention in the Economic
Domain. The tax, which represented 15 percent of the price of gasoline in the
middle of the last decade, now has a weight of only two percent. Brazil is
going the opposite way of the world, which grants fiscal incentives to clean
fuels,” says Marcos Jank, former chairman of the sugar and alcohol producers
association. For the consumer, the most visible consequence of this attitude is
that, since mid-2009, filling up with ethanol is no longer worth it in most
Brazilian states.

For refinery owners, the moment for the government’s change of heart could not
have been worse. In the last three years, Brazil has gone through a bothersome
series of busts in sugarcane harvests. Some refineries, such as Santelissa
Vale, which belongs to French group Dreyfus, crushed 30 percent less than their
rated capacity during the last harvest. The result is an industry that is
highly indebted and experiencing a decline in productivity. The sugarcane
industry’s debt skyrocketed from seven billion Dollars, in 2006, to more than
25 billion Dollars last year. Sugarcane field productivity dropped 20 percent
in the last four years. A deep crisis installed itself, therefore, in the
sector. Big multinationals, like Indian outfit Renuka, Spanish company Abengoa,
and Singapore enterprise Noble, are among those seeking buyers for their
interests in the country. And in 2011, Brazil, which promised to fuel the world
with its ethanol, imported more than a billion liters of ethanol made in the
United States.

If ethanol slumped into crisis that quickly, is there not a chance it could
come back into style just as quickly? The pre-salt discovery did not change at
all the advantages of Brazilian ethanol. It remains renewable. It is still less
polluting than gasoline. It is also still more efficient than ethanol made from
American corn. With oil prices hovering around 100 Dollars, it is feasible to
imagine that the discussion around the feasibility of renewable fuels will
resurface sooner or later. For Brazil, a market strong on ethanol would be
welcome, because the country truly holds a unique position in terms of
productivity. The fact is, however, that the recent hiccup reinforced an old
fear: it is not safe to invest in ethanol, because, sooner or later, a new
crisis will come around. If the biggest refinery owner in the world does not
trust it, who can?

“I WANT STABLE BUSINESSES”

RUBENS OMETTO, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF COSAN, EXPLAINS THE COMPANY’S
DIVERSIFICATION STRATEGY AND TALKS ABOUT LIFE AFTER ETHANOL
MARCELO ONAGA

At age 62, entrepreneur Rubens Ometto continues taking care of Cosan’s
strategy, a company he founded in 2000 when the family’s refineries merged into
a single group. Today, Cosan makes 28 billion Reals—adding the acquisitions of
ALL and Comg&#225;s, the number could be as high as 30.5 billion. Ometto says
he still believes in the future of ethanol. But he is investing in diversifying
his conglomerate’s businesses with activities that steer clear of the sugarcane
industry’s volatility and says he is ready to leave the businesses his
grandparents started in 1936.

In the last few years, you have forged associations and bought business outside
of the sugarcane industry. Where do you want to go?

We are a company that is geared toward clean energy and to the logistics area.
We are always aware of deals that are connected to Cosan’s activities, but
sometimes we see synergy where no one else does. That is where our art is. I
imagine where I can get by taking company over, what gains it will afford. The
competition doesn’t do that, it is very relaxed.

When did you decide to diversify your businesses?

The sugar and alcohol market is a roller-coaster. After Cosan’s IPO, we began
to be blamed by the shareholders, who did not understand the industry’s
volatility. I started to look for more stable businesses, with guaranteed
revenues. Energy cogeneration was the first, then came fuel distribution and
all the others.

Are these acquisitions and the clause that allows Shell to keep Cosan’s entire
sugarcane operation a sign that you are leaving the industry?

We have a great partnership with Shell. Not that long ago, the CEO of the
company, Swiss national Peter Voser, gave me a fossil that was few million
years old and told me our partnership would last the same amount of time as the
fossil. I don’t see why I should leave, I believe in the sugarcane industry;
the company’s diversification has allowed it to capitalize and to be
well-positioned to take other refineries over when the industry’s situation
worsens. We will invest in ethanol.

But you signed an agreement that gives Shell the right to buy your share of
Ra&#237;zen by 2025.

If they wish to exercise the right, I will sell. No problem at all. I don’t
tear up contracts.

You were born in a refinery and your life has been deeply tied to the industry.
Are you ready to live far away from the sugarcane fields?

One needs to know how to get old. I’ve done everything at Cosan. I spent
weekends analyzing balance sheets, I drafted export contracts myself and have
even slashed sugarcane. Today, I am 62 years old, I don’t want to be as
involved. I have a young and excellent team that knows how to do the work. I
just stay on top of them and demand a lot. Fifteen years from now, I will be 77
and I will want to be even less involved with the businesses.

<img
src='http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/images/EXAME-1016-47-ED.jp
'>

Does the creation of a “new” Cosan, one which is more stable, without
businesses that are linked to the sugarcane industry, have something to do with
that?

It is not related to my aging, rather with the company’s perpetuity. It doesn’t
make sense to have a business with years of high profits and other years with
losses that can affect its financial health. That’s how the sugarcane industry
is. The Comg&#225;s deal will increase the company’s debt, but that is alright,
it has a constant cash flow. If I make an investment like this in sugarcane and
I get into a price decrease period like the current one, I will go broke. If
tomorrow I want to sell Comg&#225;s, I’ll find a buyer right on the spot. If I
try to do that with a sugarcane refinery, no one shows up. They say I am very
aggressive, but I do the math, I plan everything very well.

Do you still believe in ethanol as a fuel that can win the world over?

I believe in it a lot. It is a clean fuel that can get better. We are going to
increase its productivity, we are investing in technology to develop improved
sugarcane seedlings and also in second generation ethanol, made from cellulose,
like from sugarcane bagasse. But there must be stable, predictable policies. I
cannot invest when fuel prices are frozen. There is a lot of insensibility that
hinders the industry. S&#227;o Paulo has the potential to generate as much
energy from sugarcane bagasse as the Itaipu hydropower plant does. But instead
of incentivizing this, the government taxes the industry 43 percent and
encourages the construction of hydroelectric plants in the Amazon.

You were heavily criticized when you held an IPO for a company on the New York
stock exchange to control Cosan without holding the majority of the tock. Are
you going to make an offer to Comg&#225;s’ minority shareholders ?

We will do everything that the law tells us to. Roughly four percent of the
common stock is on the market today, which should get 80 percent of the premium
paid to BG. With respect to the old criticism, I should say I never used any
special right to secure an advantage. But I couldn’t become vulnerable to a
possible takeover of the company.

Do you plan to merge the controlling company, which is traded on the New York
stock exchange, with Cosan S.A.?

We have studied some options and we will do this. But only when I can guarantee
control over the company.

Are you the last one in the family involved with sugarcane?

I don’t know. As far as I am concerned, no family member will be involved in
management. They will be prepared to actively participate on the board.

To create Cosan, you had to fight with your brothers and even with your mother.
How is your relationship with your family?

Everything has been resolved, we have a great relationship. One of the things
that makes me the most proud is knowing that I delivered to them everything I
promised and that they recognize that.

http://www.thebrazilianeconomy.com/edition-1016/goodbye-ethanol.php
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/25/2012 11:30:17 PM
From:NikhilJog
i agree with clown on everything he said in HPQ accept that i believe DELL will
appreciate over the next 1.5yrs from where its today and the turnaround will
work..

When analysts do PC comparisons bet. DELL & HPQ and say that DELL is more
exposed to slow PC business compared to HPQ, they usually don;t talk about
HPQ's printer exposure, which i think is a mistake.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/25/2012 11:33:58 PM
From:NikhilJog
clown - this is interesting. thanks for the blog. looks good.

also, did u read article on hedge funds in today's WSJ, money section?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/26/2012 8:07:05 AM
From:Madharry
i will take you comments under advisement. I dont know that the printer
business is dead, just getting more commodity like probably. i have to say my
hp printer has lasted quite awhile i think its going on about 10 years now. so
I am certainly willing to shoulder equipment costs of $20 a year to be able to
print.
I cant comment about the acquisition strategies. but the cash flow is there. so
now you have to hope they do something wise with that cash flow. I have been
openly critical of the HP board in the past, but sometimes you buy something
with warts cause it is really cheap.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/26/2012 10:29:14 AM
From:Spekulatius
Re HPQ - fair enough, I agree that a stock can be too cheap to ignore, even
with warts. I am not sure if HPQ is there but I invested in MRVL on the same
premise.

I believe the printer business has a huge secular headwind, in that the
printing process itself is replaced by storing the documents digitally and
displaying photos predomantly on LCD screens (ipads, TV's, computer sceens). We
observed this with my wife (an avid photographer) and myself, where we just
don't print the pictures any more. At work, The printer has become a combined
printer/scanner/fax machine on a network and instead of printing stuff, I'll
just let it create PDF's and sent them per email. My printing volume has gone
down by ~70% probably suring the last few years. For Photo's, aside from color
issues, I can get great displays on our TV screen that. I think this is a
secular trend, that after creating pics went digital, now storing and looking
at the photos will change too.

So my guess is that people will still have a printer, but use it much less
since printers are a razor/blade business model, where the profit is in the
blade side, it means that the profits from this business pretty much are bound
to come under severe pressure. My take is that this is going to be worse than
PC's which I think are going to be much harder to replace.

Going back to HPQ, I do think that Whitman is a better choice and hopefully
will be able to steady the ship. What I am watching for with HPQ is new
products that are exiting customers again. A company like HPQ need to have that
but as far I know, they haven't come up with something really new in a decade.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/26/2012 2:15:58 PM
From:Paul Senior
HPQ: "equipment costs of $20 a year to be able to print."

I've an HP LaserJet 1022 (an old printer) for which I have bought replacement
cartridges about every 18 months or so from my local big box retailer. Price
about $50 or $60+ (can't remember). They were out of stock about a month ago,
so I decided to check Amazon. I've always been reluctant to buy off-brand
cartridges, but I was astonished at the prices that I now saw -- one brand
about $8; another brand $12. Whoa! And several of the user reviews seemed
positive. So taking a chance for $20, I ordered one of each off-brand. And so
far, the one I installed seems to be working out okay. (Of course, it's too
soon to see what the useful life will be.) As a holder of a few shares of HPQ,
this has made me wonder just how profitable the "razor blade" printer model is
really working out for HP, given the availability of apparently much less
expensive competitor cartridges. And what I should expect going forward from
HP's business and the stock. So now I'm wavering if I will hold shares or sell
for something where the business prospects are more visible to me.

===
I keep looking at Lexmark which is also a beat down stock. My experience now
with my printer cartridges makes me wonder if Lexmark might be in a printer
market saturated from years of competition and now as Clownbuck suggests--a
drop in usage. To such an extent that LXK might be a value trap even at its low
price and dividend yield.
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=lxk&ql=1
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/26/2012 10:12:30 PM
From:Sergio H
<blockquote>GLD my contrarian view is that GLD is vastly overowned in some
hedge fund circles.</blockquote>While I did not agree with your view on gold,
how about silver? There's not much hedge fund interest in SLW or SLV?

PAL has made a nice move from its bottom and worth looking at.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/27/2012 9:27:51 AM
From:Spekulatius
Re PAL - it seems to have a nice move from the bottom but nothing with PAL
screams value to me. the company is loosing money right now and it is not clear
to me if the mine expansion is working out. Care to explain the story for PAL ?

Pd metal does seem undervalued relative to Gold, but it does not have the same
perceived use as a storage of value. It is simply a rare industrial metal,
which is used mainly as a catalyst as far as I know, and probably recycled for
the most part after use.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/27/2012 11:53:39 AM
From:Sergio H
Palladium is a cheap alternative to Platinum and is mostly used in catalyctic
converters. Expanded use now into diesel motors. Palladium does have other
applications but it is basically a play on new auto and truck sales.

PAL is undergoing a buildup of their operation to meet expected increased
demand and hit new lows in July when it issued convertible debt to finance
their expansion. They are also forecasting an improvement in margin from
improvements in their operations.

There are only two plays on Palladium; PAL and SWC. Palladium from Russia is a
by product of Platinum mining. Palladium from South Africa is a by product of
nickel mining. PAL's main product is Palladium mining and it operates in mining
friendly Canada where it does not have to deal with political headwinds.

It plans on selling its gold mine which is a potential catalyst along with
improved margins, expansion into diesel motors and increased car and truck
production.

The co. website has some good info. This is one of their investor
presentations:

http://www.napalladium.com/Theme/NAP/files/doc_presentations/NAP%20Investor%20P
esentation_August%202012.pdf
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/27/2012 12:21:02 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
LXK - I really don't know how to value contracting (dying?) industries well. At
some point they are great bargains like GCI was at $3-5. But it's hard for me
to value LXK or BBY or GME or GCI.

Aside: unlike some people, I don't believe that PC industry is dying. Tablets
and smartphones impact PC business due to partial competition, but mostly they
are not full-blown replacements for PC, IMHO. Things may change in the future
though.

Printer aside: I got B/W Brother laser (HL-2140 bottom of the line). I don't
print color and laser is much better for occasional printing, since inkjets dry
out if you don't print often. I'm very glad with my current setup. :) Much
better than my previous inkjets.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/27/2012 10:23:00 PM
From:Spekulatius
Re French Banks. I found out how these french credit agricole subsidaries work
(sort of). It does seem that there are 39 regional banks, a dozen of which are
public companies, others are private or just mutual companies. It appears that
in case of those that are still public, the Credit agricole mothership
typically owns 25% of the shares but each bank is individually run , it appears
more like a loose branding federation than one company. Reading from the
balance sheets (i looked at maybe 1/2 a dozen of those) it looks like they have
quite solid capital ratios with a Tier I ratio of betwen 15-18% and tangible
book value >10% of the balance sheet. They seem to be doing business only
locally, taking deposits and giving loans for real estate, small business and
individuals, nothing fancy. Profits are moderate but some do a little more than
1% ROA, not too bad. The main attraction that the banks are dirt cheap at 3-5x
earnings and pay dividends around 8% that in some cases are slowly rising. Some
of those have gone private apparently, which resulted in a nice windfall for
shareholders. This all looks quite attractive to me. I looked throught the
FT.com tearsheets and i am going to pick one or two that look best to me. I
think the dividends alone make this worthwhile. Better knowledge of the french
language would help...

Here is a map of these banks:
http://www.creditagricole.info/fnca/ca1_967616/carte-de-france-des-caisses-regi
nales
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 3:36:18 AM
From:Madharry
HPQ-right. clearly off brand purchases will work for some. I guess the question
will be how many people will replace the hp printers with a different printer
when the time comes to get a new one.not sure that the $50 hp loses every 18
months on you is enough for me not to own what seems to me to be a very cheap
stock. even after the write down of eds. the stock seems cheap. and the real
question is will the free cash flow stabilize from here or not. my guess is
that people who print for their own personal use will likely switch to off
brand replacement but i doubt that will be the case for corporate america.

MIL- share price spiked a bit moving over $8. they announced they now had more
than 93% of the compton shares. the latest conference call particularly the Q &
A part is worth a listen to.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 4:31:15 AM
From:rllee
Same here. I have never owned inkjet printers, have even given away the couple
of new ones I owned. Prefer instead to buy used older HP laserjets for less
than $50 which are usually solid. Old HP laserjets with the Canon engine seem
to be much more durable than the new ones but people want to get rid of them in
favor of the built-in USB ports rather than the older Centronics ports which
can be converted to USB ports by buying an inexpensive Centronic-to-USB
converter cable. I have an old HP laserjet 4L which I paid $25 for with the
conversion cable thrown in and it works great.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 7:13:39 AM
From:Mark Marcellus
Wow, this really does look like deja vu all over again:

http://www.siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=26947548&srchtxt=

This was my all time favorite short in the 90's and the story, while less
colorful, doesn't look that different from the first time around. Last time the
CEO ended up in jail. I have no knowledge of what's going on this time but it's
hard to make a value case when a company is restating it's financials. Sure
it's possible to win big in situations like this, just like it's possible to
win big by putting money on double zero on the roulette wheel.

Absent detailed information as to what's inside the numbers, this seems like
poison to me.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 7:14:26 AM
From:Madharry
OT i dont usually do this. but I am so appalled by Urban Outfitters pushing t
shirts to teens suggesting that drinking is kewl and cute ( ex.- t-shirt that
says " I drink youre cute " ) that i need to voice my outrage that any
promotion of drinking to a teen market is not ok. this year in my community
there was an accident involving alcohol where a high school girl ended up
burned alive in the car because she was trapped inside and they couldnt get her
out in time. The lives of two families changed forever.

I would urge people not to shop at Urban Outfitters until they come to their
senses about what messages are appropriate to send to teens.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 9:37:38 AM
From:E_K_S
Magellan Petroleum Corporation (MPET)

http://Stratex

<blockquote>Stratex Oil & Gas Holdings (STTX) announced that it has made an
offer to acquire Magellan Petroleum (MPET) for $2.30 per share in cash and
stock. The offer was made in a letter to Magellan's CEO with a copy to the
Board of Directors yesterday after the CEOs of the two companies had previously
discussed Stratex's interest in acquiring Magellan, but had failed to come to
any definitive understanding. At $2.30 per share, the offer provides a 137%
premium to Magellan's shareholders based on Friday's closing price of $.97 and
is 34% above Magellan's 52-week high of $1.72. The total value of the
transaction is approximately $124M. Stratex is fully committed to pursuing this
transaction, and has secured committed financing to complete the cash portion
of the offer. Stratex management believes the value of Magellan's assets has
not been realized in the public markets. Stratex management strongly believes
that a combination of the two companies will increase access and visibility in
the financial markets and unlock substantial value for shareholders of both
companies </blockquote>

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 10:00:16 AM
From:CusterInvestor
MPET 1.49 +.51--must be some question if this deal goes through?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 11:39:31 AM
From:E_K_S
Hi Custerinvestor -

50% of their offer is in STTX stock. This is a new IPO and is thinly traded. So
your betting on the strength of http://goo.gl/eGkQw . So at least you have a
company that will work the acreage and as a common stock holder, I still have a
50% interest in the operation. Stratex Oil & Gas will still have capital
problems as all small E&P's but they did raise some money in a recent IPO.

My MPET position is small, so this deal gives it new life. I plan to hold my
shares and watch the results of the first few wells. The company has limited
production history but seems to have exposure to several shale regions ( along
w/ partnership interests). Therefore, "dry hole" risks are spread across
different partners.

Will be an interesting one to watch.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 12:00:33 PM
From:Paul Senior
MPET: "Will be an interesting one to watch." I agree with you there.

I can't figure it, and am not sure what to do. I've held my losing position
since late '10. Today's price offers me a chance either to sell and cut losses
or hold assuming both that deal will go through and that STTX might have
resources enough to be able to do something positive with MPET assets. I
believe I'll cut my position -- sell some and hold some.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 12:53:13 PM
From:hardincap

whats the cause for MRVL's stock decline? from a quick glance it seems to have
a great balance sheet, good returns on capital employed (ex cash and goodwill),
buying back stock. what more could investors want?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 7:32:53 PM
From:Mr.Gogo
Paul, if you are talking about BAC (Bank of America) the stock price today is
8$ not ~6.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 7:34:23 PM
From:Mr.Gogo
sorry the post is from 2011...
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 9:32:37 PM
From:Spekulatius

>>whats the cause for MRVL's stock decline? from a quick glance it seems to
have a great balance sheet, good returns on capital employed (ex cash and
goodwill), buying back stock. what more could investors want?
<<

Rising earnings and revenues - the most important ingredients for value
creation. MRVL is lacking in this regard.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 9:36:21 PM
From:Paul Senior
Fwiw, I'm still holding BAC and C. In the sector "USA-domiciled", I also am
holding WFC, FITB, CFR. No claim by me that these are value buys at current
price.

http://finance.yahoo.com/quotes/BAC,C,WFC,FITB,CFR/view/dv;_ylt=AqlbECTTGrVe26C
4FYnR_ULv7gF;_ylu=X3oDMTExOGsxN3VxBHBvcwM5BHNlYwN5ZmlUYWJsaXN0BHNsawNkZXRhaWxlZ
--
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 9:42:08 PM
From:ChrisGillette
<<I've an HP LaserJet 1022 (an old printer) for which I have bought replacement
cartridges about every 18 months or so from my local big box retailer. Price
about $50 or $60+...So taking a chance for $20, I ordered one of each
off-brand. And so far, the one I installed seems to be working out okay...this
has made me wonder just how profitable the "razor blade" printer model is
really working out for HP, given the availability of apparently much less
expensive competitor cartridges.>>

<<I keep looking at Lexmark...>>

Generic printer cartridges have been around for years. And if you don't want to
buy generic, you can take your empty cartridges to Costco (among others) and
get them refilled for around $8 per cartridge.

http://costcoinkjetrefill.com/

Still, I think that HPQ is down more on hype than substance. Printers and PCs
might be down, but they're a long way from being out.

Generics/refills are more of a consumer issue than a corporate issue. And even
if people print less, HPQ should benefit from industry consolidation as lesser
players (like Lexmark) are forced out of its markets.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 10:28:30 PM
From:Paul Senior
Ot: Thanks. Saw the cartridge refill sign at my local Fry's, and I see your
Costco link now. What has me stopped again is that both Fry's and Costco
advertise inkjet refilling, not toner refilling. My LaserJet1022 requires a
toner cartridge.

==
I don't have a strong enough point of view regarding Lexmark vs. HP. And so,
regarding "HPQ should benefit from industry consolidation as lesser players
(like Lexmark) are forced out of its markets" I don't know that HP is going to
force LXP out, or if LXP is going to force HP out (of LXP's markets).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/28/2012 11:25:28 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
BAC might not be a bad idea, but I could never have enough conviction to call a
financial my "best idea". Which might be good, since my best ideas usually
don't do well. :)

Have not looked at AIG.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/29/2012 11:08:48 AM
From:hardincap
fair enough. there are alot of ways to lose in large financial institutions -
macro shock, large trade gone wrong, over zealous regulators, etc.

I just dont see very many bargains in this market right now, hence my best
idea.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/29/2012 12:11:19 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
OK.

I guess my top ideas would be Chinese gaming companies (CYOU/GAME/PWRD) and
perhaps MSFT. But I don't have a lot of pound-the-table great ideas right now.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/29/2012 3:53:51 PM
From:Paul Senior
Utility EXC. I start to build back position with a small buy.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=exc&ql=1
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/29/2012 4:23:59 PM
From:Paul Senior
PTEN. Decided I would accumulate a few shares of this drilling services
provider at current price.

http://www.advfn.com/p.php?pid=financials&btn=s_ok&mode=&s_symbol_select=NYSE%3
NBR&symbol=pten&s_ok=OK
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 2:10:00 PM
From:Kapusta Kid
AIG (41.09%) and BAC (12.11%) represent two of the three largest holdings in
Bruce Berkowitz's Fairholme Fund (SHLD at 14.62% is the other). This fund is
very focused and, right now, Berkowitz has the fund loaded up with financials.
He also holds CIT, WFC, MBIA, LUK and JEF, BRK.B and a small position in BRK.A,
as well as warrants in JPM, BAC, AIG, WFC and HIG. I bought this fund in late
'08, but sold out in late '10 when Berkowitz began making big bets on
financials. But if you like AIG and BAC, you could get a large chunk of both
with some additional diversification. After tanking in 2011, the share price of
FAIRX has been rising as of late.

Here's a link to the entire portfolio (only 19 positions total):
http://www.j3sg.com/Reports/Stock-Insider/Generate-Institution-Portfolio.php?in
titutionid=3959&DV=yes

Berkowitz is a smart guy, but after more than a decade of outperforming, he hit
the skids. Internal problems with staff and the defection of the two key
analysts many consider instrumental in Fairholme's good run have been well
publicized (Pitkowsky and Trauner -- now Goodhaven Funds).

Beware AIG, however. I believe Uncle Sam still owns a boat load of AIG he
hasn't sold yet. My info is over a year old, so I don't know the exact overhang
of shares at the moment.

Good luck.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 3:09:09 PM
From:Brinks

<a href='http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=PEC.V' target='_blank'><u><span
style='color: #810081;'>http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=PEC.V
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 4:54:11 PM
From:Grommit
Utilities -- I think it is too early to re buy utilities. But, what do I know?
I'll wait awhile longer. I still own NEE GAS ATO. 5% of portfolio, so it
doesn't matter much. Paul, Looks like only you and I dabbled in NEE. I may sell
a bit more of it ??? But I sure like the company. (Owned my remaining shares
since Jan 2010)

http://finance.yahoo.com/q/it?s=NEE+Insider+Transactions

I don't see insiders buying any utilities right now. In fact, they are all
selling like it was FB they owned...
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 5:16:13 PM
From:Paul Senior
Utilities: I have several on my watch list, seeing if their prices will come
down. Like you, I'm holding ATO, GAS. Additionally I have SRE, SO, UGI in USA
energy utes. Small amounts. Recent adds have been very small buys -- PPL, EXC,
and SJW (water ute).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 5:31:58 PM
From:NikhilJog
how much upside there is in them, anyways paul? you are looking at them from a
divvy perspective? And if you are, then the yr end tax ruling will determine a
lot of it. If the tax rules lapse, then div. will be charged at a higher rate,
prob. as an income and then you might see further sell off in utility stocks.

anyone has a counter argument to this?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 6:03:05 PM
From:hardincap
uncle sam will probably be completely out by sometime next year, and aig will
have bought a boatload back from them.

berkowitz's problem is that he refuses to look at the macro picture. this
caused his funds to get hammered by the sovereign crisis last year. i believe
even with the macro headwinds, bac and aig are now too cheap to ignore.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 8:01:51 PM
From:E_K_S
Hi /profile.aspx?userid=9143580 :

Re: Utilities

Many of the utilities I own have subsidiaries w/ hidden "value" assets (at
least based on my research). Therefore I tend to focus on the PE, dividend
yield and 52wk high for a first take if the holding may be overvalued. For
example, BKH has a few subsidiaries that (for me) represent some hidden assets
that can be (1) sold, (2) developed w/ and w/o partners and/or (3) just run as
a separate growing business. BKH recently sold some acreage to QEP that will be
develoiped for it's shale Oil. That was worth between $2-$3 per share (paid in
cash). BKH still owns shale oil acreage w/ development potential but also owns
some coal mines. BKH also owns and operates an aggregate construction company
that should benefit from the infrastructure build out of many of the Oil & NG
shale wells (includes roads, drilling well pads, etc.).

Many of these utilities (located in the U.S. shale regions) own NG distribution
lines (and the right-of-ways) that can be developed by inter & intrastate NG
companies. MDU is one I own that owns some of the largest underground NG
storage systems in the U.S.. MDU also operates an E&P subsidiary w/ very
valuable shale acreage yet to be developed. Some JV partnership deals have been
announced but I expect many more and perhaps the spin off of this division in
stock to shareholders (my speculation).

GAS is another of my favorite utilities w/ NG processing and distribution
assets I feel are significantly undervalued. They rank up w/ MDU for
underground NG storage facilities but have interests in several NG processing
facilities. They own major NG distribution systems that can (and will) be
expanded to distribute the glut of NG.

So Nick, you have to look beyond the utility operation. Remember, the utility
component provides stability to the company's cash flow. There are a lot of
"hidden assets" in several of these companies that should pay large dividends
in the future (look at the BKH land sale to QEP last week).

I still think there are some good pickings in one or more of these NG utilities
even w/ the new tax law legislation. In fact, that may be the kicker for many
of these utilities to sell and/or spin off these assets to shareholders.

FWIW, I am looking to sell the last of my BKH shares and move them into GAS,
MDU , ATO or one of the other NG utilities. I am no longer interested in BKH's
coal assets. Unfortunately, these other utilities have already have had a nice
run, so I must dig a bit deeper to see who my still have many of those
undiscovered assets. My guess is MDU may get my vote.

Hope that helps.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 9:49:14 PM
From:Spekulatius
The utilities appear to trade above historical multiples in terms of PE or even
dividend yield. The utes and consumer staples are the prime targets for the
dividend seeking crowd and I think it is hard to find values, at least in the
US. Europe is an entirely different matter, stocks like E.ON, RWE, Suez, Gas
Natural, EDF are very cheap, but they also have to deal macro headwinds.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 10:02:03 PM
From:Paul Senior
Utility stocks: Great performers again this year. Perhaps over-owned now, given
their relatively high prices (p/e's). Otoh - why not a case for the high
prices? -- There's growth in dividends, yields better than some gov't bonds,
not much foreign exposure with most. And as regards volatility and people upset
with so much of it, utilities offer very low beta's.

If tax rate on div's goes up, I guess I could see sell off in ute's. Otoh,
maybe not. If tax rate does go up, I assume it would be on most or all dividend
classes, so where would dividend-hunting people go to replace their utes if
they were to sell them?

As regards utility dividends, I would not be affected directly by increase in
dividend taxes, because my ute's are held in a tax-deferred account.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/2012 10:24:49 PM
From:NikhilJog
paul thanks. because uti. are regulated, thats why i thought its mostly div.
play. and if taxes go up, then it might see a downturn.

You are in tax deff. but others might not be. therefore in a broder market you
might see some sell off. and the question is, where would people go from
there...

appreciate your reply.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 9:22:19 AM
From:NikhilJog
clown - there is a lot of value in the US if you know where to look. Or atleast
i know there have been tonnes of opportunities over the last 2/3 years. Going
forward, I am a little skeptical in short term with where the markets are
trading, but then if you are a medium/long term investor then there are lot of
opportunities to look at.

On EU - I do agree with you and good companies have taken a tumble and
opportunites, both on the debt and the equity side will present themselves.
Adding to your EU list is another name from my side - ABB.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 11:38:33 AM
From:NikhilJog
EKS - This is pretty helpful man. Thanks. I like the angle you are taking here
with utilities! Thats my kind of thinking. Appreciate it and yea i do agree
with you that uts. that have hidden assets might prove good investments.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 12:27:14 PM
From:MCsweet
Hi Jurgis,

GAME and PWRD are rallying nicely after bad earnings reports. I wonder where
they would be if they had actually reported good news.

Is there a reason you don't like GA along with these?

MC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 1:54:53 PM
From:Bocor
I don't want to name the company since it has such a small market
capitalization

So why tell everyone you are buying some anonymous company?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 2:29:34 PM
From:MCsweet
I don't want to name the company since it has such a small market
capitalization

So why tell everyone you are buying some anonymous company?

I totally echo this sentiment. It goes back to preschool 101: Don't bring
cookies to class if you aren't willing to share them.

There are valid reasons not to share, or at least delay sharing information,
but in those cases the best policy is to not say anything until you are able to
say something substantive without impairing your financial opportunity.

MC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 3:07:34 PM
From:paulelgin
...Because if I name the company, the stock price moves. Then I'm labeled a
tout, spammer, and questionable promoter.

That being said, I think I've given you enough information that if you run a
screen, you should be able to find the name of the stock without me having to
explicitly name it.

P.L.E.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 3:07:53 PM
From:Paul Senior
Madharry, fwiw, I've added a bit now to my few KHDHF shares.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q/ks?s=KHDHF+Key+Statistics
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 3:26:09 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
<blockquote>GAME and PWRD are rallying nicely after bad earnings reports. I
wonder where they would be if they had actually reported good
news.</blockquote>They'd be where CYOU is? ;)

I haven't looked at GA recently. Let me take a look and I'll get back to you.
:)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 3:33:04 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
I understand your reasons for not sharing the company's name. But then you also
can't get useful feedback from us.

In abstract, yes, I'd like to buy dollars for $.50. In particular, I only know
what you told me. I don't know whether they are losing $1M per day, whether
they have hidden liabilities, and so on. So I can't answer your question
whether this is "exactly the kind of investment that Buffett made his mark with
early in his career".

Good luck with it. Buy the whole company, liquidate it and get 50+% return! :)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 3:45:40 PM
From:paulelgin
The company has no operations, and no employees. It owns property which is
leased in perpetuity to its lessee, and is maintained and operated by, for, and
in the name of, the lessee. As rent, the lessee pays the company's income taxes
and guaranteed dividends on the company's stock. All other expenses of the
company are paid directly by the lessee.

As far as "burn rate," the company does not spend any cash whatsoever. Over the
last three years it has added to its cash pile at a rate of $3,000 to $7,000
per year (not tremendous growth, but this is due to the fact that the company's
cash is all invested in short-term treasuries).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 3:54:24 PM
From:Paul Senior
"I have acquired..." : I hope it's not one of those Chinese companies!
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 3:57:47 PM
From:MCsweet
I don't agree with your reasoning. People mention illiquid stocks all the time.
IMO, as long as you provide a stock idea in a rational, reasoned manner, you
will not be labeled a tout, spammer, or questionable promoter.

And while the post could lead to buying pressure, those on this board aren't
likely to put in bunch of market orders to jack the stock price up. We aren't
exactly Cramerica here.

In this specific instance, I definitely don't want to unduly pressure you to
reveal something you don't want to. It is just my general opinion on the topic.

MC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 4:07:38 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
OK. So then you definitely want to buy the whole company and liquidate it. :)

If you don't, I am not sure what you expect your exit is going to be? They are
clearly not liquidating. Do you expect them to pay out some of the cash as
divvie? Do you expect other investors to run up the stock to cash value?

Let's say they keep the situation as is for 2 years. Stock goes nowhere. After
two years you have the same 3M in cash + another $7K from short term treasuries
minus time value of your money.

If they decide to start a business, 3M might be too little, so you get diluted
in possibly crappy business.

These are some of the reasons why I don't like the non-producing below net-cash
cigar butts. OTOH, I do buy them sometimes. I can't say results are great. But
it might be just me. :)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 4:26:07 PM
From:Grommit
OT -- I now have 28 people on IGNORE. But I cannot share my list because their
mkt cap is small and the value of their posting might drop.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 6:08:02 PM
From:Sergio H
Good article comparing ROA and ROE to share price. I don't agree with the
portion of the article on dividends.

http://seekingalpha.com/article/840741-more-pain-in-store-for-corning
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/2012 11:40:32 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
GA looks good too. It's not as cheap on E/EV, but it seems to have some new
games, which might be like a newer drug pipeline in pharma. :) It might be
worth diversification position.

It seems that PWRD has the worst growth so far, with GAME after it. GA and CYOU
have better growth. On the other hand, PWRD now has some USA properties which
may be good if they can produce profitable games there. They still seem to have
so-so pipeline. GAME has some new licenses that may do well.

Probably I should have sold GRVY and bought more CYOU. Well, lost
opportunities. Might still do it. :)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/2012 12:57:55 AM
From:Paul Senior
Any of you game people look at Majesco (COOL)? Might be special with its motion
sensor stuff. Perhaps too tied to Zumba fad though.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=COOL
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/2012 4:48:49 AM
From:Madharry
I own a few but have stopped following this company. probably 98% of my smith
money is in Mil, whose shares have done well over the past week.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/2012 5:30:54 AM
From:Madharry
OT My suspicion that silver may be breaking out has been confirmed by my brand
of technical analysis. I hope the long wait will be worth while. slw and silver
had previous highs around $46. it would be nice to get back there again.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/2012 7:55:19 PM
From:Spekulatius
Re CalSTRS:
What is even more interesting is that they made money on the IPO, flipping the
shares but then apparently purchased way more on the way down and that is when
they lost their butt. Sounds like their long term investments are the short
term speculations that don't work out.

It seems to me that they are more gambling than anything else with no regard
for fundamentals.

>>The California State Teachers' Retirement System bought about 500,000 shares
in the IPO — worth about $19 million — and sold them when the price briefly
popped on the first day. CalSTRS made about $250,000 on the sale, a spokesman
said.

CalSTRS has since loaded up on 1.2 million Facebook shares, a stake that has
cost the pension fund about $17 million in paper losses, a spokesman said.<<
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/2012 8:10:35 PM
From:BWAC
Its not just the California retirement system pension fund that got taken in
and played for fools. The NC State Employee Pension Fund got suckered in as
well and just about have the same dollar amount of losses.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/2012 11:15:05 PM
From:Madharry
they guy from cal is a pr guy. he has to say something. fact is these pensions
are suing because Morgan Stanley had information that they only selectively
released. I would be shocked if they didnt settle the lawsuits and make these
pension funds pretty whole.

fact is facebook is one of hundreds of investments these funds make year in
year out, and you cant expect anyone to bat 100%. real question is how do they
perform over time compared to their peers. facebook is a pretty unique
investment and those are always tough to value.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/2012 12:21:15 AM
From:Area51

I thought about CLF as an investment today(with a forward PE of less than 6
based on current estimates it would rate as a value stock IMO). FWIW I decided
to delay purchasing any shares (But if someone would remind me to buy once
iron-ore prices start firming I would appreciate it).
http://seekingalpha.com/article/835821-iron-ore-crash-worsens

Best Regards, A51
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/2012 10:36:43 AM
From:Grommit
I was sure that I was being short sighted and knee-jerky when I sold CLF at $45
in july.

another tidbit:
Prices for spot iron ore are now at $90.30 a tonne, compared to $143.20 a tonne
at the start of March. That’s a drop of 37% in just under six months. The last
few weeks have seen some particularly savage moves for iron-ore prices, falling
from $113.10 recorded on Aug. 15, a 20% drop.

http://blogs.marketwatch.com/thetell/2012/08/30/iron-ore-prices-slammed-again/
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/2012 11:11:06 AM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
Thanks for pointing to COOL, Paul. For me, COOL results are too inconsistent to
invest. It might be that they turned the corner with their recent products, but
I don't know, so I won't bet on it. Their balance sheet is very nice and
quarterly FCF is very hot right now, so it might be a buy if someone believes
in staying power of their products. Or wait for better price to buy under net
cash?

COOL does show the issue with investing in game companies - the moat and
staying power sucks. Here's
http://seekingalpha.com/article/809841-diablo-3-shows-why-video-game-companies-
re-risky-investments?source=yahoo that is biased towards negative side. Game
companies do soar sometimes, but it is not very predictable.

I invested in Chinese game companies because I believed that growth might be
simpler in China and Asia region where there is an influx of new players. More
people are getting computers and joining middle class. However, it remains to
be seen whether the secular growth is enough to remove some of the volatility
plaguing such western game companies as ATVI and EA. It might be that Chinese
game companies are also value traps.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/2012 11:47:01 AM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
QLGC - yeah,
http://seekingalpha.com/article/755411-qlogic-corporation-ceo-discusses-f1q13-r
sults-earnings-call-transcript?source=yahoo . If they recover, it's a buy. If
not, it's not cheap enough. Since they predict Q2 sales to be even lower, it's
probably a wait, unless you see another catalyst or you think the company is a
great long term investment.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/2012 3:32:47 PM
From:Bocor
Gotta love it, <span style='color: teal;'><img
src='http://neurotalk.psychcentral.com/images/smilies/biggrin.gif'><img
src='http://neurotalk.psychcentral.com/images/smilies/biggrin.gif'>
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/2012 9:02:17 PM
From:Spekulatius
Re 1.5M$ company. A 1.5m$ company with no business and a bunch of cash sounds
like a value trap to me. The situation that you deceibe is very different from
WEB Union Street bus company. They key information for WEB was that he had
insider information, that this company would distribute their cash to
shareholders within a short term. What he did would nowadays considered an
illegal insider trade.

In your case, it seems that you have no information about what and when the
majority owner is going to do something with the cash and there is a strong
possibility that the majority owner is doing something that may not be in the
interest of minority owners. That is a very different situation.

Personally, i think in most cases one is better off buying something for 80% of
fair value, where management and shareholders are reasonably aligned and the
business is OK, rather than something for 50% of cash value, where it is
unclear which direction the company is going to take.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/2012 11:08:00 PM
From:E_K_S

Oil&Gas Journal

09/03/2012
http://www.ogj.com/content/ogj/en/authors/christopher-e-smith.html

http://goo.gl/TNksA
<blockquote>Oil pipeline operators' net income soared to an all-time high of
$6.1 billion, a 33.3% increase from 2010 achieved on the back of a nearly 12%
increase in operating revenues. The resulting earnings as a percent of revenue
of 48.6% were also a record. The strong bottom line coincided with a more than
47% drop in changes to carrier property, as companies pulled back from major
additions</blockquote>
<img
src='http://www.ogj.com/content/dam/ogj/print-articles/Volume%20110/Sept-3/01-o
l-pipeline-companies.jpg'>

<blockquote>Natural gas pipeline operators meanwhile saw their profits slip
more than 6% from 2010's high to less than $4.9 billion. The dip in net income
came despite a 3.8% increase in revenues, which reached more than $20.5
billion, their highest level since 2007 </blockquote>
<img
src='http://www.ogj.com/content/dam/ogj/print-articles/Volume%20110/Sept-3/02-g
s-pipeline-companies.jpg'>

<blockquote>Natural gas pipeline companies' weaker bottom lines, in contrast to
oil carriers, came at least in part as a result of surging capital
expenditures, with additions to plant totaling more than $14.4 billion (a 178%
increase from 2010). Roughly $6.35 billion of this total, however, comprised
just two projects; expansion at<u> Florida Gas Transmission and building the
Ruby Pipeline.</u> Expenditures on operations and maintenance rose 5.3% to
slightly more than $7 billion. Proposed newbuild mileage, however, was just
50.3% of 2010's announced build, while planned horsepower additions of 184,405
were 79% of 2010's total.</blockquote>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------

The contrarian in me says one should continue to buy these NG pipelines as they
are posting lower profits. The market may not realize that these NG pipeline
companies are spending large amount of capital building new and/or expanded
systems. Some of those names in the top 10 Interstate Gas pipeline companies
are new to me. Do any catch your attention? I still think this is a good sector
to be in if they can be bought at the lower end of their price range.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/2012 11:34:33 PM
From:Sergio H
I am holding on to SE for exactly the same reasons that you posted. The co. is
expanding its pipeline into NYC. Capital spending paid for by its earnings. NG
prices will eventually bounce back and SE will capitalize on a huge new market.
I might add EPD or/and KMP to go along with the market and don't see any
downside with either of these two.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/2012 11:46:17 PM
From:E_K_S

Re: DCP Midstream Partners

http://goo.gl/uKc5n s
Friday, August 31, 2012 | Updated: Sunday, September 2, 2012 11:28pm

<blockquote>DCP Midstream Partners - a Denver-based master limited partnership
that's a joint venture of Houston's Phillips 66 and Spectra Energy - is
building its business around the belief that the geography of the natural gas
boom will require new processing and transporting capacity. </blockquote>
<blockquote>DCP Midstream is zeroing in on natural gas liquids, byproducts of
the abundant gas.The Association of Oil Pipelines has estimated that the Eagle
Ford Shale, Permian basin and other plays will create demand for an additional
500 miles per year of new natural gas liquid pipelines over the next 25
years."We decided we probably should be looking harder at owning more natural
gas liquids infrastructure and more natural gas liquids pipelines," O'Connor
said, describing DCP's strategy to position itself as the premier one-stop
services company to get natural gas liquids from the well to customers."We are
on the front end of this energy revolution," O'Connor said.DCP Midstream's
operations dot shale plays in Texas, Oklahoma, Colorado and Kansas, where its
processing plants remove water and natural gas liquids from gas, sending the
remaining dry gas to pipelines and the liquids into a path called the
Y-stream.The Y-stream feeds fractionators, which separate natural gas liquids
into components including the fuels propane and butane and the petrochemical
building block ethane. </blockquote>
<blockquote>In the last couple of years, DCP has set about building
infrastructure to pick up gas at the wellhead and transport natural gas liquids
to market centers on the Gulf Coast.Its customers include Anadarko, Noble
Energy, PDC Energy and other big natural gas exploration interests.It has begun
converting two pipelines to transport natural gas liquids to Mont Belvieu, a
gas storage and processing center east of Houston. O'Connor said demand from
petrochemical and fractionation plants has pushed natural gas liquids prices
higher there than at another major liquids hub in Conway, Kan.When complete,
the 900-mile Southern Hills line will connect Mont Belvieu with various points
in the Midwest, and the 720-mile Sand Hills Pipeline will link to the Permian
Basin in West Texas and the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas.In July, DCP
Midstream spent $200 million for minority interests in two Mont Belvieu
fractionators that can process 55,000 to 60,000 barrels of liquids per
day.</blockquote>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------

My last buy on this one was 2/3/2010 at $30.22 for the IRA. The company
continues to raise a lot of capital to funds its projects.

http://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/DPM/key-developments/article/2493747
Friday, 2 Mar 2012 08:55am EST DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced that it has
priced an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 common units representing
limited partner interests at $47.42 per common unit.

http://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/DPM/key-developments/article/2562542
Monday, 25 Jun 2012 04:39pm EDT DCP Midstream Partners LP announced it has
entered into an agreement with a group of institutional investors led by funds
managed by ClearBridge Advisors, FAMCO MLP, a division of Advisory Research,
Inc., Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors and Tortoise Capital Advisors to sell
$177.4 million of the Partnership’s common units in a private placement at a
price of $35.55 per unit.

The Stock is trading at $43.14/share. Maybe another drop in the $38.00 price
might present a buying opportunity. The private placement "buy" appears to have
gotten a bargain at $35.55/share.

Maybe http://goo.gl/BsLju as they hold large interests in DPM. I sold my SE at
$28.00 4/2012 as the PE topped 17 and their dividend dropped below 4%. Maybe a
sell off in SE below $27 could pose a good entry point if one is bullish on the
growth in domestic NG.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/2012 8:23:42 AM
From:Ditchdigger
Congrats on your HEK Sergio, interesting news.
ditch
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/2012 9:46:16 AM
From:Asymmetric
A Winning Mix at Plexus

By SANDRA WARD / Barrons Sept 1, 2012

[Remember Plexus? Here's a recent write-up. - A]

A broad and diversified customer base, rising sales and profits, and a talent
for producing high-end designs give the circuit-board maker an electric
outlook.

Early in its planning for Freestyle, its futuristic soda-vending machine,
Coca-Cola (ticker: KO) turned to Plexus (PLXS) to engineer the electronic
controls that let customers at Burger King, Five Guys, and other fast-food
outlets customize drinks by mixing and matching about 125 brands.

Plexus, based in Neenah, Wis., designs and manufactures high-end printed
circuit boards used in a broad and diversified number of sectors, including
networking and communication, medical, aerospace, and defense, as well as
industrial and commercial applications. Besides Coca-Cola, Juniper Networks
(JNPR) and General Electric (GE) are two other high-profile clients that
represent a sizeable portion of Plexus's revenue, which is expected to exceed
$2 billion this year.

PLEXUS'S FORTUNES are not only tied to the economy's health, but also to demand
for its clients' products. Juniper Networks, for instance, represented 16% of
sales in the third quarter, and the networking and communication sector as a
whole accounts for close to 40% of sales. It's a testament to Plexus's
disciplined management and clean balance sheet that despite a tough 2011, a
year rocked by global economic uncertainty and severely hurt by the earthquake
in Japan and the floods in Thailand, Plexus has beaten earnings expectations
for four straight quarters.

The company won 36 new contracts in its fiscal third quarter, ended in June,
that are expected to add $200 million in yearly revenue once production for all
of them is fully under way. The quarter marked the fourth straight in which the
circuit-board maker's contract wins have exceeded its goals. Revenue rose 6% in
the quarter to a record $609 million.

Now appears to be a good time to pick up shares in this premier electronics
service manufacturer. At $29.86, Plexus changes hands well below the high of
$38.50 it reached in mid-January. Though the stock is up 9.1% this year, more
appreciation is likely. Plexus currently trades at 13 times the consensus
profit estimate of $2.36 a share expected for this fiscal year, ending Sept.
12, and 11 times the $2.72 that is the Wall Street consensus for fiscal 2013;
that's below their historical multiple of 14 times and also less than the
company's expected 15% annual earnings growth rate.

"They run a very good business," says Charles Severson, portfolio manager of
the Baird Midcap Fund, who owns a position in the stock and who would expect
Plexus's earnings to increase at a 15% to 20% clip in a more robust economy.
That kind of earnings growth, he says, should push the stock into the high
$30s. "Relative to their growth rate and their peer group in the industry, I
think the stock is undervalued," he declares.

Deutsche Bank analyst Sherri Scribner sees the stock hitting $37 in the next
year, a gain of 24% from its current level. She bases her price target on a
multiple of 13 times her higher-than-consensus estimate of $2.85 a share for
fiscal 2013. Scribner expects the printed circuit-board makers to trade below
their historical multiple of 14 times as long as conditions remain
unpredictable for their clients, limiting the industry's ability to forecast
product demand.

Indeed, Plexus has cautioned that its earnings in the fiscal fourth quarter
will likely be flat with the third quarter's, as certain key sectors, including
networking and communications, medical and, in particular, industrial and
commercial, report softening demand amid challenging macroeconomic conditions.
Some of its top industrial and commercial customers have been letting
inventories run down in anticipation of weak demand in the fourth quarter, and
13 of its top 20 customers are projecting sequential declines in revenue.
However, fourth-quarter earnings will actually be somewhat stronger from an
operational standpoint, because third-quarter results benefited from
currency-exchange gains.

FOR CERTAIN SECTORS, such as networking and communications, the fourth quarter
will contrast with a strong third quarter in which year-over-year sales were up
13% sequentially. A bright spot in the fourth quarter is expected to be the
aerospace and defense and homeland security segment, in which revenue should
rise 20%, based on new contract wins.

The Bottom Line

Plexus shares could climb more than 20% over the next 12 months, as the company
realizes revenue gains from new contracts, maintains good margins, and boosts
profits.

Costs associated with new contracts are expected to pressure gross profits,
though margins, at 9.7%, should still be up modestly from the third quarter's
9.5% as the company reins in marketing and administrative expenses.

Despite the difficult environment, the outlook for next year remains upbeat. In
late July, Plexus President and Chief Executive Dean Foate, a 28-year veteran
of the company, told investors that "we remain optimistic that we will
experience stronger year-over-year growth in fiscal 2013."

That's an outlook that Plexus shareholders can toast at their local Burger King
or Five Guys with a cup of Coke or 124 other soft-drink brands.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/2012 10:48:48 AM
From:Sergio H
Thanks Ditch. ROC also has news this morning. Splitting up Chemetall GmbH into
two separate operations paves the way for a spin-off of the lower margin co.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/2012 1:46:49 PM
From:gizwick
If only they had heeded Warren Buffett's advice on FB.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/2012 5:56:25 PM
From:Dan Meleney
These $ for $.50 work out well sometimes. But I had one controlled by Icahn. It
never moved. So, question is, what will trigger you getting your value out of
this?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/2012 8:08:39 PM
From:Bocor
QR Energy at Barclays Energy/Power Conference Transcript

Good reading

http://seekingalpha.com/article/846131-qr-energy-at-barclays-energy-power-confe
ence-transcript?ifp=0
%EOM----------------------

