%BOM---------------------
Date:11/3/2010 9:18:10 AM
From:Spekulatius
Jurgis,
>>Well, define "possible even though it's unlikely". :) 1% chance? 0.1% chance?
10% chance? <<
my assessment for the chance of a "Financial Supergau" during he next 5 years
would be between 1% and 10% and probably closer to 1%.

>> US still has a lot of tools to stop this from happening and the rest of the
world also would need to prevent it, so the likelihood is low.<<

Contrary to what you state, I don't think there is a lot of ways to stop panic
in terms of sovereign default of the US.
Treasuries are in an incredible bubble and real interest rates are at
multi-decade lows, yet the fundamental underpinnings are weaker than ever. The
combination of those factors will make it very hard to stop a loss of
confidence and the trade to the exit with trillion $ of debt will become very
crowded.

Just because you believe the result of such a calamity will be unthinkable bad
does not mean it will not happen. In fact for that very reason, it is more
likely to happen.

Probably enough bear cabal stuff for now, back to trading :-)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/3/2010 11:46:34 AM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
Well, if you say "probably closer to 1%" then we agree on the probability.

In terms of tools, I think we are talking about tools for different purposes. I
was talking about tools to manage the budget deficit, clean up the balance
sheet and strengthen the perception before things slide into panic. It seems
that you are talking about tools to deploy when panic occurs. If that's the
case, you are somewhat right. If there is a panic, the only tool to use would
be a bailout by rest-of-the-world where EU+??(Canada/Australia/China/Brazil)??
do emergency stabilization through money injection/treasury purchases.

So I don't think we disagree at all. I just wanted to stress that 1% scenarios
should be always qualified by "very unlikely to occur". Otherwise people panic
just because of possible panic. ;)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/3/2010 12:27:43 PM
From:richardred
UFPT-Decent earnings today. IMO fundamentals still positive and still a value.
I added more at 12.16 even though these will be my highest cost basis shares.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/3/2010 3:31:04 PM
From:Paul Senior
EKS, I'll be taking a little more MDU now @ under $20.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/3/2010 4:03:44 PM
From:Paul Senior
CPL: Adding a few shares now to my small position in this Brazilian electric
utility.

Almost an 8% dividend yield now (paid semi-annually)

Positive article here:
http://seekingalpha.com/article/234348-cpfl-energia-spotlight-on-a-7-9-yield-br
zil-stock?source=yahoo
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 8:09:53 AM
From:Madharry
As is typical since i hedged a lot of my slw exposure by sellingi 45 day calls
against it yesterday , silver is back above 25 today. CCCL had a nice 1 day
move as it listed on the nadaq.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 8:53:31 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
BYD Boyd Gaming

the analysis is by Randoph McDuff

It is also in the portfolio of John Paulson.

November 5, 2009
BOYD GAMING: Betting on a Cyclical Recovery

Please note: All views are expressed are solely of the author, and will
generally be contrary to that of the majority of investment firms and of the
investing public at large. All prices, unless indicated otherwise, are
expressed in US dollars. Estimates of EBITDA are calculated using very
stringent guidelines, and will therefore differ from the majority of published
analyst reports. Share prices quoted herein are as of October 31st, 2009.

BOYD GAMING: Betting on a Cyclical Recovery

"When experience is not retained, infancy is perpetual. Those who cannot
remember the past are doomed to repeat it" - George Santayana

Does the technical end of the US recession equal a near term bull market?

To answer that question, perhaps we should compare the current US recession to
the previous recession.

According to the National Bureau of Economic Research, the US last experienced
a recession that started in March 2001. An end date of November 2001 was
declared but remains controversial. While the period of negative growth was
described as being brief, the impacts were felt in the United States until
2003.

The previous recession was characterized by massive layoffs, outsourcing and a
jobless recovery. Many formerly highly paid manufacturing and professional
employees were forced into much lower paid service positions. The Dow Jones
Industrial average fell from 11,722 points on January 10th 2000, to 10,367
points at the start of March 2000, the official start date of the recession. By
September 2003, the DJIA fell to 7,528 points, 2.5 years after the official
start date, and well into the onset of the economic recovery phase.

This equity contraction represented a broadly based decline of more than 34.5%
from the economic peak. By the end of 2003, the DJIA had only rebounded back to
10,409, still down 9.5% from the previous peak.

It should be noted that in 2003, the first year in four that produced GDP
growth in excess of 2%, the DJIA index was still 11.2% below the peak of 2000.
It was only in October 2006 that the Dow Jones average surpassed the peak of
2000. Recovery of broadly based capital, from the prior economic peak, took
more than six years.

Despite the broadly based index underperformance, if one was both patient, and
had no aversion to owning cyclical stocks in the economic setback of 2000-2002,
selected categories performed very well in the up cycle.

The casino industry, as a whole, provided investors with above average returns
until the current recession. At the start of 2000, two months prior to the
official "kick-off" of that US slowdown, investors could have purchased shares
of Boyd Gaming for a price of $5.50 per share. Just six months beforehand,
shares of Boyd sold for $7.375 per share. Going into that slowdown, investors
at $5.50 probably would have felt that they were getting in at bargain prices.

For the fiscal year ending 2000, BYD Gaming generated revenues of $1.131
billion. EBITDA was $.27 billion, or a margin of 23.4%. The EBITDA to interest
expense ratio was 3.4X.

In the year 2001, Boyd's top line reflected a slowdown in consumer spending
brought on by the recession. Revenues fell to $1.1 billion and EBITDA fell to
$.215 billion, a margin of 19.6%. The EBITDA to interest expense ratio fell to
2.9X.

In 2002, the first real year of moderate recovery from the recession, Boyd's
revenues rebounded to $1.22 billion; EBITDA grew to $.254 billion, still below
the level achieved in 2000. The EBITDA margin recovered from the trough of
2001, but at 20.8% was still below peak, despite revenues that were now above
peak. EBITDA to interest expense ratio rose to 3.5X.

Investors that purchased shares of Boyd Gaming, in late 1999, immediately prior
to the stock market peak, would have endured a paper loss, going into that
economic turn, of more than 56%.

Boyd shares fell from $7.375 in the second quarter of 1999 (immediately prior
to the economic peak), to $3.25 per share (shortly after the formal end of the
recession) in 2001.

The drop occurred, based on an absolute EBITDA decline of $55 million. The
EBITDA decline equalled a 3.8% lower margin, on a revenue reduction of $31
million. In the recession, expenses rose to maintain customer counts, but were
inadequate to wholly maintain gaming revenues. This is consistent with cyclical
businesses.

When any investment drops by 50%, individuals, particularly market timers,
sometimes lose objectivity. On occasion, they might then tout the purported
merits of the "50% loss" adage, in an attempt to rationalize the paper loss and
opportunity cost. The saying goes like this:

"An investment that falls by 50%, will subsequently have to recover by 100%,
just to break even."

This statement implies that investors should cut their losses when down,
because it may take an inordinate amount of time (2X +) to get back to being
ahead, when debating as to whether or not to hold a money losing stock.

In a nutshell, those who subscribe to the 50% loss rule assume that stock
market gains take place at exactly the speed of losses.

Such a notion represents an interesting conversation starter at a cocktail
party. However, it is patently wrong. More ominously, it can produce a false
dilemma for investors:

"either I sell and switch to something else after a sharp drop, or I will never
recover my capital".

The dilemma is false, because it implies that just 2 logical approaches exist
to addressing a money losing investment. What proponents of market timing
neglect to note is a host of other possibilities that exist along the
continuum. An abrupt takeover offer for an attractive price might occur. There
may be a meaningful recovery of share capital based on changing market
sentiment. A positive transformational change might take place at the firm in
question. None of these aforementioned possibilities, to name just a few, can
generally be anticipated.

There is absolutely NO fundamental reason that any stock cannot rise every bit
as fast as it drops, or even faster. In the case of cyclical companies, this
rule of 50% becomes even less applicable, when compared to non cyclical
businesses.

To demonstrate the opportunity cost for those who endorse such views (ie market
timers), consider the case of shareholders with stock in Boyd Gaming, in the
year 2002. Remember that BYD shares bottomed out in 2001 at $3.25, supposedly
well after the recession had technically ended.

If one had set up some sort of formal or informal stop loss program on the
shares, and sold out of Boyd at any point on the way down; for example at 25%
of the loss from $7.375 per share, the buyer at $7.375 would have received
about $5.53 per share.

Perhaps that same investor would have steeled themselves up for further short
term pain, and ultimately sold out at a 50% loss from peak purchase price, they
would have received $3.68 per share.

However, from the second quarter of 2001 to the 2nd quarter of 2002, BYD shares
appreciated from a low of $3.25 and hit $16.85, a gain of more than 500% off of
the bottom. There was absolutely NO fundamental reason for this explosive gain
to have occurred. In 2002, Boyd was still producing lower EBITDA than in 2000.
All that changed during the interval was an intangible, a change in market
sentiment.

For the investor who purchased BYD at the peak in 1999 and maintained patience
and discipline through the bottom, Boyd would have still proved out to be a
2.2X bagger from the top. On the other hand consider the plight of the
professed long term investor, who in fact turned out to be nothing more than a
short term speculator; not only did he/she lose 25%-50% of their initial
capital, they also missed out on the powerful run up.

Further compounding the error in judgement, resulting from adherence to the
"rule of 50%" lay in the fact that Boyd Gaming's share price recovery took
place while broadly based stock market indexes continued to fall. Those who DID
sell BYD at that bottom, in all probability (based on index returns) would have
placed their money into something "safer" (ie larger cap or less cyclical).
Sadly, the majority of US stocks continued to drop for an additional year. It
would have been logical to assume that the realized loss on Boyd would have
turned into yet another loss, on the reinvestment. Adherence, in this case, to
the 50% adage, resulted in opportunity cost in the magnitude of 400%. It seems
reasonable to estimate that the total opportunity cost could have exceeded as
much as 420% over four years.

In the case of Boyd Gaming, over the course of 2 years, the shares fell by
slightly more than 50%. It took less than one year into the recovery for the
shares to climb by 400%.

It took until 2004, for Boyd's absolute EBITDA to surpass the peak of 2000.

The company added some properties, took on additional debts to make capital
improvements, and worked diligently to become a more sizeable gaming company.
In 2004, EBITDA margins stalled out at 20.5%, still below the peak. Only in
2005, a full 5 years after the previous economic peak, were Boyd's EBITDA
margins restored to 23.4%.

From 2004-2006, US GDP was optimal. This produced benefits for all companies in
consumer discretionary industries.

The domestic casino industry in general, benefited from this period of
expansion. Specific to Boyd, EBITDA margins peaked at 26.2% of revenues in
2006. The largest publicly traded casino operator in North America, MGM Grand,
more than 4x Boyd's size, reported peak EBITDA margins of 33.2% in that same
year.

Then the next economic contraction started, and the cycle repeats.

So called "smart money", including Kirk Kerkorian (MGM Grand), Sheldon Adelson
(Las Vegas Sands) and Steve Wynn (Wynn Resorts Ltd), have each lost billions on
paper in the past 24 months. Mr. Kerkorian's paper loss in MGM is estimated at
$13.4 billion from peak.

http://finance.yahoo.com/news/The-Biggest-Bet-in-bizwk-415670022.html?x=0&.v=1

Every one of these large casino investors understands full well the cyclical
nature of the business. They take comfort from the 20%+ EBITDA margins being
generated by their companies, at what is likely to be the bottom of this
economic cycle. Kirkorian, Adelson and Wynn are very old hands in casino
investment, having experienced decades of ups and downs.

Unfortunately for many retail investors, media pundits and investment banks
built up image of casinos as being recession proof, or at least recession
resistant. This fallacy was carefully crafted over the last economic upswing,
and promoted gaming patrons to be largely hard core junkies. In reality, casino
companies are lumped into the category defined as "consumer discretionary".
Most people who gamble do so as a form of entertainment, utilizing spare cash.
When cash is tight, they gamble less. When cash is more plentiful, they gamble
more. The casino industry, simply put, is cyclical.

After a decade of industry rollup and the taking private of many public casino
operators, the US sector now has just 5 other good sized public operators, in
addition to Boyd.

MGM Grand (MGM-NYSE, $9.25) sells for about 13.5X my 2009 forecast EV to EBITDA
ratio. Kirk Kerkorian's Tracinda Corp. is a major shareholder. MGM is the 800
pound gorilla of the industry. 2009 revenues may exceed $5.9 billion and casino
EBITDA margins, at the trough, are still better than 27.5%. MGM has rolled up
much of the industry, and added significant debt in doing so.

In 2006, MGM EBITDA peaked at 33.3% of revenues. In the 4th quarter of 2007,
the MGM share price peaked at $100.50 per share. Since that time, on the heels
of a potential 23.4% drop in revenues (2007-2009), and a 32% drop in net EBITDA
over that same period, MGM shares have fallen by more than 90.7% from the 2007
peak.

Analysts are currently uniformly bearish on MGM at present. I believe this to
be consistent with "cyclical bottom thinking". Consensus expectations suggest
that revenues in 2010 will fall from 2009 estimates. Shares of MGM Grand are
selling for roughly the same price paid by investors in August 1993.

Las Vegas Sands (LVS-NYSE, $15.09) is the gaming vehicle of Sheldon Adelson and
sells for about 16.6X my 2009 forecast EV to EBITDA ratio. 2009 Revenues could
touch $4.7 billion. Consensus estimates are for 2010 revenues to average $6
billion. EBITDA margins are presently about 23%.

In 2007, revenues of Las Vegas Sands were $2.95 billion, and EBITDA was $.532
billion, or 18% of revenues. 2007 EBITDA was impacted by preopening expenses on
a new casino. Peak EBITDA margins were touched in 2006, at 29.2%. So, current
EBITDA margins are down by 21% from peak. In the 4th quarter of 2007, LVS
shares touched $148.76. The share price is down 89.9% from the peak. LVS went
public on December 15th, 2004.

Wynn Resorts (WYNN-NASDAQ, $54.22) is the creation of Steve Wynn. 2009 Revenues
are forecast to be $3 billion, and EBITDA margins are roughly 22.1%. The shares
sell for roughly 16X my forecast 2009 EV to EBITDA ratio.

In 2007, revenues of Wynn Resorts were $2.69 billion. EBITDA was $.649 billion,
or 24.1% of revenues. Current EBITDA margins are off 8.3% from peak. Shares of
Wynn are down from a high of $176.14 touched in the 4th quarter of 2007. The
stock is down 69.2% from the peak.

Penn Gaming (PENN-NASDAQ, $25.13) is a widely held public casino operator
operating in the US. The company does not have operations in the city of Las
Vegas. 2009 revenues are forecast to be roughly $2.4 billion. EBITDA margins
are currently in the range of 22.5%. The shares sell for roughly 11.9X my
forecast 2009 EV to EBITDA ratio.

In 2007, revenues of Penn Gaming were $2.44 billion and EBITDA was $.636
billion, or 26% of revenues. Current margins are off 13.5% from 2007. In 2006,
EBITDA margins peaked at 31.2% of revenues. In the second quarter of 2007,
shares of Penn Gaming touched $63.68. The share price is down 60.5% from peak.

Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE-NASDAQ, $7.75) is a widely held public casino
operator operating in the US. No ISLE facilities exist in Las Vegas. 2009
revenues are forecast to be roughly $1 billion. EBITDA margins are presently
about 19% of revenues. The shares sell for 9.1X my 2009 forecast EV to EBITDA
ratio.

In 2007, ISLE revenues peaked at $1.122 billion. EBITDA (factoring out unusual
charges) was $.185 billion in 2007, for a margin of 16.4%. Record EBITDA
margins of 22.4% were achieved in 2004. Currently EBITDA margins are roughly
15.2% off of peak. In the first quarter of 2007, ISLE shares touched $33.01.
Shares are presently down 76.5% from peak.

Boyd Gaming (BYD-NYSE, $7.36) is a widely held public casino operator in the
US. The Boyd family controls 36% of the shares. The majority of facilities
exist in Las Vegas, although the firm does have some regional exposure. Boyd
Gaming and MGM Grand also operate a joint venture in Atlantic City which owns
the "Borgata" Casino.

2009 revenues are forecast to be $1.62 billion. Excluding all joint venture
contributions from Borgata, I forecast EBITDA to be in the range of $.340
billion, or 21% of revenues. The shares sell for about 11.6X my 2009 forecast
EV to EBITDA ratio.

In 2007, BYD revenues were $1.98 billion. EBITDA was $.437 billion (excluding
the contribution from Borgata), or 22% of revenues.

Record EBITDA margins of 23.4% were touched in 2006. These peak margins were
also demonstrated by other casino operators.

In the 3rd quarter of 2007, shares of Boyd touched $54.22. On a 19% decline in
revenues, a 10% decline in EBITDA margins and an absolute 23% decline in
EBITDA, shares have fallen by 86% from the peak.

Of the 6 publicly traded operators in my peer sample, I have chosen BYD to be
my cyclical recovery vehicle.

Boyd Gaming shares have fallen almost in line with the two most highly
leveraged operators, MGM and Las Vegas Sands.

Boyd receives my investment attention, over MGM or LVS, for the following
reasons.

1. Boyd's balance sheet is stronger, by far, than MGM or LVS. BYD's EBITDA is
currently more than 1.96X annual interest charges. This excludes the sizeable
contribution from Borgata. If the 50% Borgata EBITDA was consolidated, EBITDA
coverage would rise to more than 2.5X. Boyd has completed the majority of its
capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. Absent an acquisition of
operating assets, free cash flow should gradually reduce total liabilities. I
do not add Borgata's EBITDA in Boyd's income statement, as the firm lacks the
ability to readily access Borgata cash.

In comparison to BYD, MGM's EBITDA to interest coverage was just 1.5X in Q2.
MGM's EBITDA coverage includes the contribution from Borgata, and excludes a
very sizeable interest charge presently being capitalized.

LVS' EBITDA to interest and preferred share coverage was 1.88X in Q3. LVS also
capitalizes a considerable interest amount. If reflected on the income
statement, the interest and dividend coverage ratio would be reduced
considerably.

Not only is the balance sheet at BYD better than the two most depressed casino
equities, the quality of the balance sheet and income reporting at Boyd, in my
view, is heads and tails above the two peers noted. While MGM and LVS are
throwing in everything but the kitchen sink to improve their debt coverage
ratios, BYD's interest coverage, at what may be the bottom of the market,
appears to be more than adequate to ride out further economic malaise, without
straining the boundaries of credulity.

Wynn Resorts currently has the strongest balance sheet among the 4 large
publicly traded Las Vegas operators. The EBITDA to interest coverage ratio, by
my calculation, is currently 3.5X. This ratio makes Wynn one of the few casino
operators that have garnished the praise of Wall Street.

2. Boyd is prepared to make acquisitions during a time of depressed valuations.
It is now cheaper to buy an existing casino, than it is to build a "greenfield"
operation. Management has made offers to purchase some or all of the facilities
operated by Station Casinos. Station, presently in reorganization, has rebuffed
the proposal. However, the willingness of BYD to come up with a cash offer of
$950 million for Station properties, and without requiring a major equity
underwriting to come up with cash, provides me with confidence that management
is prepared to make accretive acquisitions for the benefit of existing
shareholders.

http://www.reuters.com/article/marketsNews/idCNBNG34826720091102?rpc=44

A potential purchase price of producing assets would be funded through a $2
billion standby revolving line of credit, now unused, that was provided for
Echelon development. This revolver comes up for renewal in 2012. The interest
rate is no more than LIBOR +1.625% (2.86% currently).

If management could add existing assets with EBITDA margins similar to existing
properties, ANY purchase could prove to be highly accretive for existing
shareholders.

For example, let us assume that the Station Casino properties produce similar
returns as Boyd. Station's problems arose from an inability to service $6
billion + dollars in high cost debt, not based on the quality of the portfolio.
If Boyd was to buy existing operations, for a cost of $950 million, producing
EBITDA margins of perhaps 18%-20%, and was to finance the purchase from the
revolver; net EBITDA accretion would be roughly $143 million to $163 million
per annum. Allowing for an 8.9X to 11.9X EV/EBITDA multiple on a $950 million
potential acquisition, and the net result is a potential market cap swing of
$3.70 per share to $11.37 per share.

If the Station assets are not purchased, a number of other prime properties
could be available. MGM might be persuaded, in its current financial state, to
part with the remaining 50% of Borgata. Perhaps another strategic casino might
have to go on the chopping block. LBO firms were also keen purchasers of
casinos in recent years, and may need to rationalize certain properties.

A $2 billion credit line buys a WHOLE lot of casino revenue in the current
environment. Boyd Gaming is one of the few casino firms in business with access
to low cost credit. In a credit challenged environment, firms with credit are
king.

Many are praying for a speedy economic rebound in Las Vegas. I would argue that
the Boyd family might be hoping for things to get just a bit worse, and for a
little while longer. Only then might recalcitrant creditors, or competitors on
shaky footing, perhaps currently holding out for high dollars, be more easily
persuaded to part with good assets for fire sale prices.

3. Boyd's drop in revenue and EBITDA, from peak levels in 2006, is almost
entirely due to the sale and closure of 3 Las Vegas properties.

The Stardust Casino and Hotel, across from the Steve Wynn's flagship resorts,
was long considered to be an underdeveloped property on the Las Vegas Strip.
Boyd engaged in a feasibility study to determine the most appropriate use for
the acreage. Ultimately, the decision was made to close and demolish the
Stardust. The Stardust entered into runoff mode in 2005, was closed on November
1st, 2006, and was demolished in March 2007. In order to secure the land
adjacent to the Stardust and maintain an adequate balance sheet for the
potential building of a mega property, to be named "Echelon", Boyd sold a
casino for $401 million cash plus 3.4 million common shares. They further
exchanged a smaller casino for the 24 acres of land adjacent to the Stardust.

With these disposals, 192,000 square feet of casino floor and 2460 hotel rooms,
carrying average rack rates of $61 per night, ceased to make contributions to
the BYD's top and bottom lines in 2006. In aggregate, $387.8 million of
annualized revenues, and $76 million of annualized EBITDA was removed from the
portfolio.

At the conclusion of the sales, demolitions and swaps, Boyd owned a total of 87
acres of raw land on Las Vegas Boulevard, one of the largest continuous
holdings on the strip.

4. The deferral of Echelon removed a substantial amount of value from the
company, but also removed project execution risk. On August 1st, 2008,
management placed construction of Echelon on hold, until such time as Las Vegas
conditions recover. Boyd executives have recently indicated that they don't
envision restarting the project for a minimum of 3-5 years. Capital costs,
initially envisioned to be about $3 billion dollars, had escalated to a
potential $4.8 billion. These increased costs would have certainly reduced the
EBITDA potential of the project. I'm comfortable waiting until a later date, if
it improves the economics of the project.

In the meantime, the 87 acres sit idle, earning zero return for shareholders.
In addition to the foregone revenues on the casinos sold and bulldozed, Boyd
has thus expensed about $125 million of cash on the project. This is also
generating a return of zero. The delay is expensive, but one that I don't
dispute as unnecessary. At a total projected capital outlay of up to $4.8
billion, Echelon would have been one of the most ambitious projects in Las
Vegas. Going ahead with construction would have certainly placed Boyd on
precipitous financial footing, in a US recession.

This acreage won't remain idle forever. It sits across the street from 2 of Las
Vegas' most attractive properties (Wynn and Encore). In a normalized Las Vegas
real estate market, a project with piles in the ground, architectural plans
drawn up and approvals granted, might suggest that this property is still worth
the land value of up to $1.2 billion. Should Boyd fail to develop this project
in an economic upswing, their hand may be forced. To put the potential value of
the raw land into perspective, keep in mind that the entire market cap of BYD
is currently just $635 million.

5. The Borgata joint venture with MGM, represents, in my view, an extremely
undervalued asset. Since inception, BYD has made investments and advances of
$405.9 million to the partnership, equalling $4.67 per share.

The Borgata is a 140,000 square foot casino and 2000 room hotel in Atlantic
City. Opened in 2003, the project has made continuous investments to build on
its status as the pre-eminent casino in AC. The venture has completed an 800
hotel room expansion in late 2008, named the Water Club, which carried a
capital investment of more than $400 million. Boyd's share of the total joint
venture presently carries total long term debt of $595 million, which includes
$200 million recently invested in the Water Club. With 2009 forecast revenues
in the range of $800 million, and EBITDA of as much as $228 million, Borgata
generates EBITDA margins in the range of 28.5%, the highest in the Boyd
portfolio. As this is a private joint venture, it is my view that the market is
attributing little real value for Boyd shareholders. If one assumes that
Borgata is worth a 20% discount to the publicly traded firm with the lowest
EV/EBITDA ratio in the peer group (ISLE), this would imply a value, net to BYD,
of $2.50 per share in value. Such a discount seems excessive, considering that
Borgata generates EBITDA margins 50% above ISLE, has the leading market share
in Atlantic City and has recently opened a hotel property offering accretion
potential as it matures. Borgata remains a prize, even in an increasingly
competitive region.

A more appropriate valuation, in my view, is to price Borgata at 10X EV/EBITDA
in a private transaction. This produces a value, net to Boyd, of $6.30 per
share, or 85% of BYD's current market value.

On a "sum of parts" basis, Boyd Gaming looks to be quite undervalued at the
current price.

If Borgata is truly worth somewhere in the range of $2.50 per share to $6.30
per share for Boyd, and the 87 acres of raw land on Las Vegas Boulevard retain
a value of $7.5 million per acre ($7.50 per BYD share), this implies a
potential value of $10 to $13.8 per share, for just these two assets. If the
raw land ever does command a value of $15 million per acre and Borgata can be
unlocked at my $6.30 per share estimated value, these two assets become worth
as much as $21.3 per share.

Then, one must estimate a value for the remaining 808,200 square feet of gaming
space and 7250 hotel rooms in the Boyd portfolio. They appear to be fully
capable of generating $340 million of EBITDA in an adverse time. BYD generates
EBITDA margins roughly in line with PENN, despite having thrown away $125
million in the last several years on preconstruction costs at Echelon; to value
the casino assets at 11.9X EV/EBITDA seems reasonable. This produces a value of
$8.27 per share.

Since 2000, Boyd has made capital investments of $1.23 billion, net of write
downs, on its portfolio of properties. This represents an investment, on
existing properties, of roughly $14.15 US per share.

An addition source of potential accretion lies on the balance sheet. On
September 30th, 2009, Boyd's total long term debts were recorded on the balance
sheet at their full carrying amount of $2.65 billion. However, the estimated
fair market value of this debt might be a full $519 million, or $5.97 per
share, below the carrying amount. In the first 9 months of 2009, Boyd
repurchased $82.4 million face value, at a total cost of $70.14 million, or
85.2% of par value. Over the next several years, should Boyd prove
opportunistic, management may be able to add further shareholder value, via
discounted debt purchases. With only sustaining capital expenditures planned
for the short term, BYD would appear to have an ability to accelerate such
purchases over the next year or so.

In total, my sum of parts estimated value for BYD, without a revenue producing
Echelon casino, is approximately $18.27 to $29.57 per share. Whatever
discounted debt purchases may be made could be incremental to my estimate.

In an economic recovery, it could seem reasonable to suggest that BYD's EBITDA
may rise, potentially enhancing the value. Please do NOT assume that a sum of
parts calculation represents my future share price estimate. It is merely an
expression of potential value, under certain conditions, should a motivated
party seek to bust up the firm.

Finally, all of this assumes the Echelon remains on hold. Should the project be
revived, such a mega project could prove to be a game changer.

Does Boyd's 23% decline in EBITDA justify an 86% decline in share price?

I think not. However, the decline appears to be wholly consistent with the
pessimism experienced by casino operators, off the previous economic low of
2001. The market reaction was extreme then, and appears to be more so now.
Admittedly, the current US economic malaise is more severe than the 2000-2002
period. In my view, a portion of the BYD share price decline is likely a
sympathetic reaction to the current woes of MGM and LVS.

Differing from all three of the major casino peers in Las Vegas, (WYNN, LVS and
MGM) Boyd has felt little need to dilute shareholders with equity
underwritings. In fact, a modest open market repurchase program recently took
place. I would NOT anticipate more stock purchases. Management has stated their
willingness to pay up to $950 million in cash for some or all of the Station
Casino assets. Such a cash deal, through a court appointed reorganization,
produces nothing in the way of M&A revenues for Wall Street. In short, the
business model of Boyd has little appeal to Wall Street. BYD is a self
financing, fully funded casino operator. They have finished several years of
major capex and are presently using excess cash to retire debt at discounts.
The company is, frankly, a terrible investment banking prospect.

Normalized EBITDA actually, according to my methodology, surprised to the
upside. I was not anticipating normalized EBITDA to exceed $320 million in
2009. With stringent cost controls in place, even a mild US economic recovery
could restore lustre to the Boyd and for that matter the sector in general.

Each casino operator has some knock against it from Wall Street, save for Wynn.
I acknowledge the validity of each bear thesis on each and every stock in this
sector. However, Wynn is currently selling for a forward EV/EBITDA ratio that
makes my nose bleed, and has nothing that I would consider to be a hidden asset
on the books. This is not to imply that Wynn shares won't produce excellent
performance in the next up cycle. I believe that all of the casino companies in
my peer sample, should the US economy recover even modestly, may prove to be
cyclical darlings once again.

The contrarian's argument on US equity allocation, at this time, can best by
summed up with my own views.

I'm a global bull, but a US bear. On a relative basis, it is my view that many
developed global markets offer far greater return potential in the long term.
In contrast, I consider the US economy to be somewhat past the plateau of a
generational bull market. Few important US driven secular trends benefit the
entire economy. The one notable trend, a move from cash to non cash payments,
is already represented in my account, through holdings in Mastercard.

Those who disagree with such a view have little support in the form of economic
data. In the last 9 years and 10 months, the US economy will now have produced
more months of negative or subpar GDP growth (below 2%) than optimum GDP growth
(3% or higher). The US is now clearly a cyclical market. Accordingly, so as to
obtain maximum potential benefit from a US recovery, I must, by default,
consider owning a cyclical investment. It makes me uncomfortable to do so.

And THAT is exactly the reason that I'm going all in on Boyd Gaming, with a
view to build up an equal portfolio weight. As a global "everyman", I must
discount my bias and consider a middle ground, as being possible, for the US
economy. My emotional responses to current negative investor sentiment, are
attempting to override, what should be considered a logical and rational
investment for small cap cyclical accounts, in a potentially improving economic
cycle.

Off the bottom of every cyclical market, investors can come up with thousands
of reasons NOT to own a well run firm that has been beaten up. When these same
cyclical investments rise fivefold, tenfold or twentyfold, everybody suddenly
wants in.

As for those who have written off Boyd completely (hence the washout), I wonder
why they no longer consider BYD to be capable of outperforming in a potential
economic advance. After all, from US economic "peak to peak" (1999-2006), BYD
represented a 7.3 bagger. Those who patiently purchased the shares off the
bottom of the last economic cycle, when the cycle had already turned for the
better, generated a 16.6 bagger going into economic high. Certainly, the shares
are nowhere near that today. However, we are now comparing "peak to trough"
performance. Appraise ANY cyclical sector or stock on peak to trough, and you
will almost always feel queasy.

The company now sells for a discount to other Las Vegas peers on a trailing
EV/EBITDA ratio. Considering that Boyd has a stronger balance sheet than all
save Wynn Resorts, has suffered minimal EBITDA contraction as compared to
peers, and is deleveraging its balance sheet without diluting existing
shareholders, this seems unwarranted.

While ISLE and PENN have been proposed by some as being the better "values" in
the market, this appears to have been arrived at largely based upon their lower
degrees of share price decline. If the global economy is improving, and the US
economy will continue to be the weak link among developed nations, a relatively
weak US dollar might result in an international tourism "pick up" in the mid
term. Regional casino operators will not benefit from an influx of foreign
tourists, despite their vociferous protests to the contrary. Las Vegas remains
a world class tourist destination, and I want to participate in any potential
recovery of that market. Unless ISLE and PENN establish a meaningful presence
in Las Vegas, I will continue to have limited interest in their businesses.

RMG1 made an initial underweight purchase of Boyd Gaming at an price of $36 +
dollars in 2006, based upon the EBITDA prospects for a completed Echelon
casino. Based upon my mid term view for recovery in Las Vegas casino operators,
I am delighted that an opportunity exists to buy additional shares at the
current price of $7.36. In my view, this price represents a capitulation value.

RMG2 VC recently opened a brand new investment position, based upon cap weight.

The shares may continue to be volatile from here. Perhaps I may even be
presented with a further opportunity to buy more shares below this price. So
long as my total allocation to Boyd remains underweight in the portfolio, the
possibility of averaging down further does not present me with undue concern.
As dividends flow through to the account, further purchases may be reported. I
am NOT investing in Boyd for the potential of earning a mere 20%-30% return on
my cyclical capital.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 10:17:12 AM
From:Madharry
is this date correct 11/09? I read this quite awhile ago. Mr. Mcduff is a very
sharp investor. However, I chose not to invest when I read his first write up
about this because I was concerned then and continue to be concerned now about
the american consumer. In general gambling has moved back offshore I have a big
loss in my investment in melco international which owns a big stake of mpel
which has casinos in macao. the growth there is staggering. I just dont see US
gambling recovering anytime soon in a nutshell so why go there when i can find
growth now in asia at value prices with the likes of gfre, sorry paul, and
cccl?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 11:01:07 AM
From:Paul Senior
Thanks for the BYD update. I've not considered that one in a while; I'll review
again now.

I don't recall any interest in Boyd here when I've posted on it. From my first
post on Boyd here in '01, it turned out to be a 10 bagger or more for me at the
peak. Maybe a six bagger when I finally closed position.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q/bc?s=BYD+Basic+Chart&t=my

http://siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=15472280&srchtxt=byd

I considered it again in the $3's in '09 when Vegas looked like it might never
recover. Sorry I didn't go for it or LVS or WYNN. There've been fortunes made
if people bought at that time in enough quantity and had the fortitude to hold
on.

For now, I only have a few shares of WMS -- I like their technological prowess
in slot machines. Also an even fewer shares of CNTY, a dink casino operator.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 11:18:21 AM
From:Paul Senior
"I just dont see US gambling recovering anytime soon"

Vegas is back, baby.

At least on the weekends. I've been trying to get a room this weekend at the
better (top) hotel/casinos and there's nothing available, or else only at very
expensive room rates. (Expensive being relative, of course.) Have you looked?

The offers of free nights that the Venetian and other places have sent me as a
member of their players clubs ceased about two months ago.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 11:40:00 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
Yes the date is right. I heard the same thing about Makao, but people are
coming back to LasVegas. Seems the morning enthusiasm about CCCL evaporated,
haha.

Good Investing,

Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 11:56:05 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
Congratulations on the BYD "Bags" I only made half bag and I bought it 15% ago
for less than I bought it the first time. The only thing that bothers me there
is the debt. They are not loosing money so far. So I'll wait.

Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 12:24:45 PM
From:Madharry
My short answer is that, no doubt all those gamblers may be celebrating being
able to stay in their foreclosed homes several more months rent free, However I
think that party will eventually end and I just dont see the good times lasting
here. Meanwhile, in the real world no bank so far is interested in refinancing
me. all they care about is two years of reportable income as opposed to liquid
net worth or roth ira income streams.

OT the way my portfolio has responded today I can only compare it to the that
lovely period in November of 1999. Like those gamblers in Vegas I am savoring
the moment and enjoying it while it lasts.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 12:43:59 PM
From:anializer
Nice call on OMG. I did up my stake a tad other day
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 1:05:50 PM
From:Paul Senior
Disappointing earnings on a few of my stocks today have resulted in multi-point
drops even as stocks in general are up strongly (+185 Dow)

FSYS: $37.69 down $4.80. Holding a few shares, and I'll take a few more at
current price. Still seems to me to be okay as a play on natural gas for
transportation - although the stock may not be a value buy even at current
price.

BIG: $29.12 down $2.29. I have a full position. I'll take a few more shares now
at current price.

HOS: $21.07 down $2.06. I have a full position. Holding on.

EOG: $87.43 down $1.21. I have only a few shares. Company big in Eagle Ford
shale and Bakken. Does not seem to be a value stock even at current price. Not
sure what I'll do here (add or just hold).

----
APOL still on my list as a short candidate. And I still have no courage to
short. $35.47 down $3.00.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 1:38:48 PM
From:E_K_S
First Industrial Realty Trust, (FR-PK) - I am getting nibbles on my GTC sell
order at $21.10/share. That translates to an 8.8% yield based on the
$25.00/share 7.5% coupon.

I still hold some of the REIT preferred shares in BDN-C where I am asking for a
small premium on the coupon rate of $25.00/share @ 7.5%.

With the QE2 announcement of $600 Billion it seems that investors continue to
chase yield and will pay top dollar for anything that yields over 7.5%.

I tempted to peel off my shares in these preferred stocks but do not have very
many alternative investments that will generate similar yields w/o higher
specific stock risk.

QE2 injections continue to move up commodity stocks (BHP near an all time high)
with many of the integrated oil stock rallying. I also notice that (perhaps due
to QE2 expectations of falling U.S. $) many of my foreign stocks rallied
including those in Brazil (ULTR, PBR, BBD, GGB).

Since QE2 expectations are for continued injections through out the year, it's
a little early to sell into the rally. However, when the end game approaches,
you really want to be near the exit door or even leave the party early. It's
still not too early to be deploying new funds to these sectors but significant
value buys are getting hard to find.

As I peel off shares, I will continue to deploy those funds in some of these
QE2 plays. It will be important to hold very liquid stocks so a fast exit is
possible. Many of these preferred shares and very small cap stocks (several of
the E&P companies) can be illiquid in a market melt down and run to the exit
door.

EKS

FWIW - Your NOG recommendation broke through $20.00/share an all time high!
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 1:43:49 PM
From:Madharry

are you not concerned that these stocks are going down while everything else
seems to be going up? I am feeling lazy about doing much more research right
now but listening to the ceo of zurich financial at about 4 am piqued my
curiosity.

instead of shorting have you considered buying the vix vxx? i dont know enough
about it other than it is extremely volatile. seems to act inverse to the
market though. so even when the market goes up a lot it can go down a lot.
strange.

I have hangups with tax implications of shorting. i cant short in an ira
account and i guess anytime you short something you end up paying short term
cap gains on it which in mass is a killer like over 10%. for me it seems like
the odds are not much better than horse racing.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 2:03:25 PM
From:Paul Senior
I've never really done well shorting. And it's only been with specific stocks;
I don't know anything about the VIX.

It's only been rare when I've shorted stocks, and even though I've considered
the specific business risk, I've been tripped up sometimes by exogenous
variables (A surprising takeover attempt, for example.) Further, when I have
been right, the monies involved are so small, it makes the whole process not
worthwhile. And as you say, it's always a short-term capital gain when there is
a gain. I suppose I could buy puts, but then I have time against me.

I just keep a short-list for my observation and to see how things might have
worked out, had I actually shorted.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 2:14:33 PM
From:Paul Senior
No, not concerned that these stocks are dropping while it seems that the whole
market is rising. Because there are news reports about companies which provide
a reason why the stocks may be dropping. I'd only be concerned if I saw a stock
dropping multiple points on an such a strong up day like today if I couldn't
find a reason to attribute to their fall.

I'm concerned about these particular stock drops of course - whether they're
temporary, justified, the start of a decline, etc. Not in relation to the
market though.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 4:45:27 PM
From:Paul Senior
EKS. I've closed my AES preferred position today (was acquired 4/'09). Moved
monies into a new high yield bond fund, HYI.

For this one, I'll rely on the fund manager:

Western Asset, the manager, is part of Legg Mason, and since I have a position
in the stock (LM), I'll take a chance on their new fund. Already though I see
it's impossible for me to find information on the fund at the LM website, even
though I'm directed there by LM and fund manager when searching for HYI info.
Very poor customer communication on their part. Not confidence-inspiring at
all.

I do see this bromide at the website:
"Western Asset uses a team-based approach to managing your Fund, with team
members averaging over 20 years of investment industry experience.
One of the world's largest and leading fixed-income managers, Western Asset has
focused exclusively on fixed income since its founding in 1971. They offer
investors a broad range of core and specialized bond portfolios from across the
fixed-income universe, all managed using a long-term, value-oriented investment
process."

And from a recent Barron's:
LEGG MASON'S WESTERN ASSET management unit, home of the Western Asset Core Plus
Bond Portfolio (WACPX), among others, successfully priced a new high-yield
closed-end fund last week, the Western Asset High Yield Defined Opportunity
Fund (HYI)l. It raised $479.3 million.
"It has a target yield of 8&#189;% to 8&#190;% and a 15-year-term trust,"says
Mike Buchanan, head of credit at Western. The average junk bond yields around
7.5%.
So whose junk bonds does he like? Issues from rail company Kansas City Southern
(KSU), casino operator Harrah's Entertainment, and independent power outfit
Mirant (MIR)."

=====
NOG. I have it on my watch list still. Don't own it though.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 8:01:35 PM
From:Madharry
the most relevant info on this would be how much does it cost for them to
manage the fund? I mean it would be one thing if you are not involved 24/7 in
the market but if you are why pay someone a management fee on top of it?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 9:01:45 PM
From:E_K_S
Hi Madharry - it might be worth the high management fee (ie less than 2%/year)
if you have good liquidity. I own MHR preferred w/ 10.25% yield but it is not
that liquid. However, if I sell them at a $0.50/share discount to liquidate,
that's only 1/4% hit to my return.

The big issue with the MHR preferred is specific company risk. I am willing to
have the portfolio take some of that risk (perhaps up to 5% of the portfolio)
for the higher yield.

My plan is to park some of my idle funds into the MHR preferred.

I just held too much of the FR & BDN preferreds which I needed to trim.

Many of those high yield mutual funds and/or CEF have very high annual
management fees. Anything over 1.5% is too much for me especially when the NAV
is over 100%. I was in some of those CEF that sold at a discount and had a
decent yield but many are selling at a premium to their NAV. I sold out of my
funds in October.

Be careful as I believe many of these bond funds are at bubble over valued
levels. With QE2 and investors chasing yield, other high yielding plays (ie
MLP's) are ripe for a stiff correction.

My plan is to park the funds in my credit union (1% annual yield) undervalued
dividend payers, MHR preferred and some foreign ADRs that should do well with a
falling $US. Just remember that once QE2 ends and rates begin to rise, all the
things working now will fall in value (except hard assets). Hold onto your SLW
- silver, gold & platinum and of course Oil & NG.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 9:22:37 PM
From:Madharry
Surprisingly enough there is evidence to support that gold for example does
best when real interest rates are low, and when real interest rates are high it
does not do so well so as the long term us bond goes to 7% and beyond- people
turn around and go- i can get 7% in treasuries and be set for life why should I
hold gold?

My strategy of being in mostly in udervalued ( i hope ) commodity plays has
worked very well in 2010. It would be presumptuous to think it will work as
well in 2011. However undervalued growing cash flow always works well over
time.

as far as hi yield bond funds, I just dont see them as any better than equity
except that for now they are supposed to pay a dividend. I would rather own
MLPs, bdcs, and foreign reits or a solid company that pays a growing dividend.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/4/2010 9:51:04 PM
From:Mr.Gogo
Guys if you want dividends, have you looked at FTN.TO ? It is not a dividend
but distribution. Yield is 17%. And I think it is quite secure. They have
mostly Canadian financials and they sell covered calls for additional income.
If the net asset value falls below 15$ they stop the distribution. It is not
very liquid though.

Good Luck,
Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/5/2010 9:51:49 AM
From:Paul Senior
Airlines. Fwiw, I decided I'm not finding another airline that I'm willing to
add to my basket now. Instead, I'd rather just step up and add a little to the
few shares of Hawaiian Air I already have. So a small add to HA for me this
morning.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=ha
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/5/2010 10:48:38 AM
From:Grommit
MHR-C. Good pick, I bought some today. Thanks for posting.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/6/2010 2:02:53 AM
From:richardred
AER sold my shares on the good news.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/6/2010 5:06:46 AM
From:anializer
AER has been a very slow dance. But I'm content to hold for full value, given
the air freight situation and potential for economic activity to pick up. There
is something about being the worlds largest in the industry
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/6/2010 7:47:39 AM
From:Walter Bagehot
Re: AER

I am simply suggesting that when a state-backed player gets involved who is
looking to build a presence in a sector, that economics may be disregarded for
prestige.

I don't really agree with your other points - business may well be good, but I
don't see that as the mark of a value investment. Sure, the market seems good
right now, but with average life of aircraft falling and with huge backlogs,
the business needs robust economic growth to survive, and I don't think that is
something that can either be counted upon, nor should be relied upon if there
is to be any margin of safety.

I would rather be in a stock in a sector that nobody else likes, as the risk is
that with this stock and this sector in particular that we are simply
generating a bubble.

There is enough research out there to suggest that aircraft leasing is in a
bubble for me to have no faith that I would gain a reasonable return on my
investment.

Frankly, it generates a pretty average return on assets, and the only thing
stopping a new player emerging is finance, which is rarely in short supply when
Boeing are prepared to finance their own deliveries.

I view this as analogous to the shipping world - taking away the 2006-2008
bubble, values today are still too high, and backlogs are too large.

I'm not suggesting there will be an eventual crash, but the sector economics
are simply hair-raising for my comfort.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/6/2010 7:58:14 AM
From:Walter Bagehot
I think Buffett has a useful analogy with US Air - he thought it was the
exception to the rule, but it turned out just as bad as the rest.

Frankly, if British Airways can't make a decent economic return while sitting
on some of the most valuable slots at the most valuable airport in the world, I
don't expect any other airline to be able to achieve anything other than the
industry track record over the past 100 years, including the regionals who have
a much more risky customer profile.

I have seen broker research suggesting Allegient is the only airline that has
an enduring competitive advantage, but I don't believe that either. In reality,
it is simply too easy for Joe Bloggs to set up his own airline and take market
share.

Think of it this way - JetBlue and easyJet have evolved over a very short time
to becoming dominant in their respective geographies. They found it easy to
achieve that growth against supposedly strong competitors. Barriers to entry
are too low, and returns are ultimately too low as they will also find when
seniority and the cost base catches up with them.

Bear in mind that RJet only exists as the unionised pilots at mainlines were
too expensive (Frontier excepted). It is a bet on the health of the parent
airlines to invest in the regionals, which I am not prepared to make, as there
is no margin of safety.

Sure, it is the only airline that does what it does well, but I still see a
speculative play and not an investment.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/6/2010 11:34:16 AM
From:richardred
I didn't sell because I think there was anything fundamentally wrong with the
company. It most likely has some nice upside left. I think you will do well
with it. Just wanted to book some good profit on my long term holding of it. I
also like the air freight sector. Micro Cap AIRT is my play there. Earnings
were just out yesterday. They were down YOY, but better than the first quarter.
I will continue to hold for the dividend and wait for expected improvement.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/6/2010 12:24:29 PM
From:Paul Senior
I believe I'll continue to hold all my shares of AER and the others I have in
the sector. We're still in the favorable part of the business cycle for this
industry, imo.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/6/2010 10:38:05 PM
From:rllee
CVU has been on my watch list and it has plain slipped away from me. I just
hate to chase it without some sort of pullback to about 11 which is my estimate
of the support
level. Perhaps I may feel differently if I already have a gain to play with.

How high do you estimate this stock will reach before it is considered to be
overvalued?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/7/2010 6:08:09 AM
From:Walter Bagehot
It is at 17, in an industry where the DoD in insourcing much work again...not
sure I can see the value angle, particularly if it has had a run-up and others
have driven up the PE...
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/7/2010 9:53:28 AM
From:Paul Lee
A lot will depend on what he says next week. Even though the US may be
insourcing, the stuff that CVU does will not be included. But bigger than that,
this company has changed over the last 3 years. The majority of its work is
coming as a sub for major OEM's and that will continue to grow. The new Gold
status with Sikorsky I believe will bring them major contracts in the near
term. (and none of this includes any major C 5 work.)

Could you get a pull back if for some reason he disappoints this week,
absolutely. But, if he meets and beats his previous estimates and he ups his
'11 numbers and gives a '12 estimate I think you see a near term spike and then
I will look at a 12 month number at between 18-22. And they will be with a
forward looking EPS on no more than 11 -13 x's (with an growth rate of 50%)

Sunday am musings
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/7/2010 4:14:55 PM
From:Paul Senior
LTC, others, mentioned here:

http://seekingalpha.com/article/235252-9-obscure-reits-yielding-more-than-5-wit
-low-leverage?source=yahoo
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/7/2010 7:12:35 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
In general, you can't. It's up to the company to give any additional
information and most of them don't. There are exceptions both in terms of
requirements (over 5% ownership reporting) and goodwill (some companies spell
out much more than required), but these are exceptions and not a rule.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/7/2010 8:26:47 PM
From:RumbleFish
Re: TAXI
Paul, I just found this regarding TAXI at bdcreporter.com. a site Crossy
mwntioned.

"Medallion Financial (TAXI) is a BDC which has both a finance company arm
making medallion loans for taxis (hence the cute ticker) and commercial loans,
as well as owning a bank. More recently, and without much fanfare, Medallion
Financial (TAXI) cut its long-standing quarterly pay-out of 19 cents a share to
15 cents for the IVQ of 2009. We had seen this one coming as Medallion has been
de-leveraging its non-bank subsidiaries for several quarters, despite the good
performance of its taxi medallion loans. Then there was the reckoning TAXI had
to take for its failed and quixotic investment in special purpose acquisition
corporations (or SPACS), a feature of the go-go years. The Company established
a valuation allowance of $9.342mn for the SPACs, which have ceased operations.
That suggests we shouldn’t be expecting any recoveries. To put this into
perspective, the provision was equal to over 50% of the prior year’s Net
Investment Income, and cut 2009's returns in half.

Medallion is increasingly focusing its energies on growing assets in its wholly
owned bank subsidiary, where low cost deposits fund the assets. The finance
company, by contrast, is finding it difficult to find appropriate financing at
a price that it can afford. The result is ever decreasing assets, either from
run off or selling the loans to the bank or third parties. For shareholders of
TAXI the increasing importance of the bank subsidiary makes the maintenance of
the dividend more insecure. As a bank, TAXI has to defer to the FDIC, which has
lent the bank funds under the famous TARP program. However, the regulators have
put express and implicit limits on the amount of dividends the bank can pay to
its parent, and thereby to its shareholders. We’re worried that at some point
TAXI might be forbidden by the regulators from paying out any dividend from its
bank should concerns arise about capital adequacy or any number of other
considerations. Given the relatively low yield being received by TAXI
shareholders at the current price of $8.07, and little prospects for growth
outside the bank, we’re not sure Medallion Financial is worth the risk at this
price level."
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/7/2010 11:16:08 PM
From:armi
Oh, i see...

thanks (:
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 12:04:39 AM
From:Paul Senior
Thanks for info on TAXI. The distribution cut is old news.

I'm not worried about the company's financial adequacy. (Perhaps I should be.)
Basically the company's got a lock on the NYC taxi medallion business, and I'd
be more worried about legal/political changes that might alter that.

With a distribution yield of $.60 (annualized) on a recent new-high price of
$8.78, that yield is 6.8% -- good enough for me to hold on, not so attractive
for me to add more shares. And so holding all my shares is what I'm doing.

BDC's have been discussed here for several years. All that I'm aware of have
fallen. Most have recovered. A few have not.

Buyers in the sector now seem to me to be late to the game. Jmo. I'd not be a
buyer of any bdc stocks in significant size now that the stocks have recovered.
It still might be iffy whether the businesses are going to be okay going
forward, or if the companies will again falter.

That doesn't mean I don't have positions in several bdc's. Just that I'm not
willing to add to any of my bdc holdings at current recovered prices. Possibly
it's my issue -- once I've seen them fall (and fall sharply and deeply they
have), I know they can drop again, regardless of yield. There's also a trust
factor for me -- non-alignment of insiders with outside shareholders is the
typical issue here. That manifests itself in insiders getting a % of profits
when holdings are sold, issuing shares regardless of book value so as to manage
a larger business and reap larger percentage of assets under management, and so
forth.

TAXI might be one of the better of these bdc types. Controlling Murstein family
at least has a substantial stake in this business that they've run for decades.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 8:16:32 AM
From:MCsweet
I bought some on your initial recommendations. The shares just turned long-term
today.

Thanks,
MC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 8:42:00 AM
From:Madharry
I too am annoyed that mgmt wants to issue shares at below nav, makes me wonder
if this isnt some cousin to a ponzi scheme. always seems like they are paying
dividends out of the proceeds of the new shares that they issue. sold psec for
that reason.

meanwhile back at the ranch-china ceraminc cccl reported 3rd Q earnings of .84,
not bad for a stock selling at $9.50 or so. conference call at 9am but i will
be not listening in since there is no Q & A afterword.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 9:48:43 AM
From:Paul Lee
sweets for the McSweet
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 10:04:02 AM
From:Spekulatius
Huizenga chairs Coolbrands BOD but is not in it's management. Big difference,
imo.

With the completion of the Merger, the Swisher Hygiene Board of Directors
consists of the following
eight members: H. Wayne Huizenga as Chairman of the Board;
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 10:20:43 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
Still there is no information on Google finance about CCCL. There is no normal
balance sheet. This is getting on my nerves.

georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 10:57:21 AM
From:Paul Senior
Fwiw, I bought a few shares of BYD this morning just as a tracking position.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:05:24 AM
From:E_K_S
Hi Paul - From your earlier link "Obscure REITs yielding more than 5% w/ low
leverage".

Went through the entire list and found only one worth buying (to me). Have put
on my watch list.

National Health Investors Inc. (NHI)

Stock close to all time high, Forward PE getting high at 16.69 however LT Debt
leverage is low w/ good FFC. MPW might be a slightly better candidate but that
one has more LT Debt exposure.

A link in the article pointed me to some other good dividend payers w/ low LT
debt exposure.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q/cq?d=v1&s=nih%20tlp

Transmontaigne Partners L.P. (TLP)
Forward PE 16 (a bit high)
yield - 7%

TransMontaigne Partners L.P. operates as a terminaling and transportation
company. It provides integrated terminaling, storage, transportation, and
related services for customers engaged in the distribution and marketing of
light refined petroleum products, heavy refined petroleum products, crude oil,
chemicals, fertilizers, and other liquid products.

<img
src='http://www.transmontaignepartners.com/images/TLPFacilitiesOnly-800.jpg'</i
g>

The company operates along the Gulf Coast, in the Midwest, in Brownsville,
Texas, along the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers, and in the southeastern United
States.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:19:41 AM
From:Paul Senior
Klarman.

It's betting on the jockey for me.

I generally don't see the value that's in the stocks the media says Mr. Klarman
holds or is buying.

I'll try betting on the man again though. I pick Enzon Pharmaceuticals Inc.
(ENZN) this time. Small bet only.

At least this stock is backed up with net cash of $300M on its 60M shares
outstanding (according to Yahoo). $5 on a $10.71 stock. And the stock hasn't
been too volatile over the past year: $8.68-$11.67, so maybe if stock remains
somewhat range-bound I might not be shaken out of it so quickly.

http://finance.yahoo.com/news/Whats-Next-For-Klarman-and-indie-1326505475.html?
=0&.v=1
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:39:56 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
Good Luck with BYD Paul. I bought mine at 8.17 average. What will be your
strategy with BYD?

Good Investing
Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:41:06 AM
From:Paul Lee
Go to their website and watch the W H interview on CNBC when they announced the
deal and tell me he's not running the show.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:48:31 AM
From:Paul Senior
BYD. Mr. Gogo, I'll monitor Vegas room rates, follow news regarding Borgata,
add to BYD if shares fall on no adverse news.

http://phx.corporate-ir.net/External.File?item=UGFyZW50SUQ9NjMxMzV8Q2hpbGRJRD0t
XxUeXBlPTM=&t=1
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:51:50 AM
From:Paul Senior
EKS, these and other stocks are so expensive to me now, given the run up in
stock prices, that I'm very reluctant to make any purchases.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:56:49 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
A friend of mine works as a manager at Wynn and he says that things are
improving, not very fast but improving steadily. That makao is growing. Will
talk to him this week and will let you know.

Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 12:07:50 PM
From:Paul Senior
Mr. Gogo, I'd be interested in his opinion on the slot business.
For slots themselves, I wonder if he (or anyone here actually) has an opinion
on WMS vs. competitor IGT?

As I've said earlier, I hold a few shares of WMS (which I bought recently
instead of IGT, which was my favorite a decade or so ago), and now I'm
considering stepping up for a few more WMS shares.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 12:32:20 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
CCCL press release has a balance sheet:
http://finance.yahoo.com/news/China-Ceramics-Announces-prnews-3406077423.html?x
0&.v=1

However, it does not have cash flow statement. I won't even consider investing
in Chinese small cap until I see a cash flow statement. :)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 2:18:30 PM
From:Madharry
GFRE is above 10 again. I guess it took about 55 days to move from $7 to over
$10. In fact all the chinese names i own seem to be doing well,

I took a new position in HRB. anyone else own?

also anyone going to nibble on the gm ipo?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 2:52:52 PM
From:Mr.Gogo
as in H & R Block ?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 4:53:59 PM
From:E_K_S
Re: CONSUMERS WATERHT UT (CSUWF.PK)
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=CSUWF.PK
http://www.cwif.ca/index_2.html

First mention on this thread by Prasad on 9/27/2010 at a price around $
4.90/share. Stock traded 43x it's average daily volume today up $0.37/share to
$6.30/share. The increase in volume was due to their earnings announcement
today.

The Consumers’ Waterheater Income Fund
Reports Results for the Third Quarter of 2010
EBITDA increases 38%, Rental Attrition Drops by 25% Compared to 2009
http://www.cwif.ca/assets/pdfs/Q3%202010%20Earnings%20Release%20Final.pdf

Well done Prasad. This was a good find.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 6:15:40 PM
From:Madharry
re china ceramics: i dont know how familiar you are with investing in u.s.
companies. if you go to sec.gov and put in china ceramics in the appropriate
place you can find all their filings. if you scroll down and locate the 20-f
that is the annual filing for fiscal year ending 12/31/09. You will find almost
everything you would like to know about the company including balance sheet,
operating statement, and cash flow.

as far as reporting cash flow on a quarterly basis im not sure that is
required. however, it seems to me that I learned how to do that in an
accounting class way back when- constructing a cash flow statement from two
balance sheets and the operating period in between. I think you just need
information about shares sold and capital raised that way and everything else
can be computed. best of luck with your investing.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 6:28:29 PM
From:Madharry
I dont know that it is the norm to provide a cash flow statement for any small
cap company on an interim basis. clearly the company has spent a great deal of
cash and cash flow to expand its capacity. I am clearly comfortable with with a
company that is growing and potentially having forward eps over $3.00 and
selling for around $9. I will take that any day of the week.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 8:44:16 PM
From:Mark Marcellus
This has to be the Swisher of yore:

http://siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=1409821

I have fond memories of good 'ol Swisher, it was one of my easiest shorts ever.
The hardest part was covering once they got delisted. A look at the financials
was enough to make one suspect that things were a bit dodgy, but when the stock
skyrocketed because people confused it with a hot cigar company IPO, shorting
was a no brainer.

I have no knowledge or opinion of the current incarnation (nor do I intend to
gain any), but based on ancient history plus the current tangled merger
history, I recommend that anyone interested in this company proceed with
caution.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/8/2010 11:59:50 PM
From:Paul Lee
Interesting find, but that was a different company
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 5:25:08 AM
From:Madharry
i pay no attention. i guess you would have to find someone who invests based on
those ratings and they most likely dont read this thread.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 8:15:22 AM
From:gcrispin
Excellent quarter for HQS. I have a full position having averaged up. Income
increased. Receivables declined. With 64 million in cash, the share price is
still trading below cash value.

http://finance.yahoo.com/news/HQ-Sustainable-Maritime-iw-425454278.html?x=0&.v=
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 8:21:59 AM
From:Mark Marcellus
Legally different yes. Substantively different, only time will tell. But,
unless the merger was with a different company in North Carolina named Swisher
that's in the toilet cleaning business, this is a lineal descendant of that
company.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 8:59:25 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
Thanks Madharry.
I never looked at sec.gov I tried on edgar but I don't have the subscription.
And I started learning about investing 2 years ago. So not much experience yet.
But I think I am on the right truck as philosophy and I enjoy learning. I
usually look at the financial spreadsheets on google and if I like the company
I go to the website and get the last annual report and the quarterly reports
for the current year. But in the CCCL case there was nothing on their website.
It is made very unprofessionally. I even tried to call them but no answer on
any of the phone numbers. For me it is still very unclear.

Thanks again and Good Luck.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 9:50:27 AM
From:E_K_S
Good pick Jim with Atlas Energy, Inc. (ATLS)in March of this year.

Chevron buying Atlas Energy for $4.3 billion
Oil giant boosts presence in Marcellus shale
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/chevron-corp-buying-atlas-for-43-billion-2010-
1-09?siteid=yhoof

From the article:"...Chevron Corp. said Tuesday it will buy Atlas Energy Inc.
in a $4.3 billion deal that values the energy firm at a 37% premium, as the oil
giant aims to beef up its market position in the U.S. shale-gas business by
acquiring assets in the Marcellus region...."

=======================================================================

More interest by the Integrated oil big 3 in U.S. shale wells. Who's next?

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 9:59:19 AM
From:Dan Meleney
ESV...I just closed at 51.46 for 22% gain. Sold due to my deepwater exposure,
increased P/E, and I think most of the kneejerk reaction to gulf spill is over.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 10:03:20 AM
From:Dan Meleney
HAL...I just closed position at 33.66 for 11% gain. I think the price recovered
from what was taken as GoM bad news about cement integrity, and I don't like
the P/E. I rarely make such short term investments and don't expect to make a
habit of it.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 10:26:42 AM
From:Madharry
I would say that one should always look at the filings before making an
investment decision. otherwise you are just relying on what someone else is
saying. there are very successful investors who only look at the filings as
they dont want to be influenced by management or what other people think just
by the numbers which have to be real unless the company is committing fraud.
anything else is just supposition. The stock market is a very easy place to
lose money even if you know what you are doing. I think that as a new investor
there is an awful lot to learn. I probably lost most of my capital at least 5
times over the years, and pretty much got wiped out twice. This might even be
par for the course for some successful investors. Carl Icahn said in an
interview that he lost all his money at least once despite being warned of the
risks he was taking by Jack Dryfuss who founded the Dryfuss funds. I think the
Buffet said that in the course of the 21 years that Berkshire Hathaway was a
public company the share price had dropped by more than 50% three times. Good
luck with your investing!
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 10:37:26 AM
From:E_K_S
Hi Paul

Started a small position in Magellan Petroleum Corporation (MPET) based on
Chevron's interest in Atlas Energy this AM. As you mentioned in your 10/25
post, MPET owns shale interests in the East Poplar and Northwest Poplar fields
in Montana.

This small buy complements my previous buys in SSN, MHR, GMXR and a some what
larger company w/ an E&P subsidiary MDU.

Also, sold a very small tax loss position in DRYS as it moves over 8% today on
better than expected earnings.

Covidien plc (COV) reported better than expected earnings and is up over 5.25%.
This is one of the better performing drug equipment stocks selling at a value
forward PE of 12.5.

The FED's QE2 stimulus program seems to be having the desired effect on the
$US. Seems a bit hypocritical that we are complaining that China and some of
the other emerging countries support their currencies when we continue a policy
that debases our currency.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 11:30:03 AM
From:Paul Senior
HQS. Gcrispin, I'm still holding on to some shares in a very losing position.
------------
I made a mistake I believe near stock lows by selling some and taking a tax
loss off-set. I just got really nervous because stock was selling below cash
value for what seemed to me to be a long time. And just at the time that there
were so many other small-cap Chinese companies also down-- a lot of them due
fraud allegations or fact. With all that, I just lost confidence to buy more
HQS shares to average down.

I'll continue to hold. And maybe reconsider if I want to add at this point.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 11:52:47 AM
From:Paul Lee
I happy to drop my coin on W H, who has a better track record of turning trash
into cash
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 12:39:09 PM
From:MCsweet
Along similar lines, I think staying humble helps to keep one balanced and
improve investment performance. I believe one is prone to be most vulnerable
after a string of successes. When all your ideas are working, you can get
overconfident, sloppy, and less aware of risk.

And it never hurts to remember the saying, don't confuse brains with a bull
market.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 1:39:10 PM
From:Paul Senior
Okay, I'll follow you guys into UFPT now with a small buy.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 8:52:48 PM
From:Paul Senior
Mr. Gogo. My comments/opinions:

1. For only two-years in learning about investing, you're doing excellently!
Maybe much better than that. I'm talking about your process -- your results I
don't know. (Should be good though if you've bought stocks after lows of '09)

2. I almost never read the SEC filings. (Maybe only for the tougher cases.)
Only occasionally not reading the filings do I find that that is a mistake on
my part. People here who do check, will correct me (sometimes). A positive for
being on the thread.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 11:38:04 PM
From:Jim P.
Chevron made a good buy IMO.
I am thinking about picking up some WPZ as they are amassing considerable
gathering and processing in the Marcellus now that "my play" in the Marcellus
is gone.

New liquids in OK

http://www.ogj.com/index/article-display/2538617659/articles/oil-gas-journal/ex
loration-development-2/2010/11/oklahoma-mississippian/QP129867/cmpid=EnlDailyNo
ember82010.html

HOUSTON, Nov. 8 -- SandRidge Energy Inc., Oklahoma City, is expanding activity
in a horizontal play for oil in the Mississippian formation on the Anadarko
basin shelf in northwestern Oklahoma as part of the company’s transition to
liquids production from gas.

The company has completed 20 wells and said completion results have exceeded
expectations and that it may monetize part of its acreage in 2011.

The core of the play involves drilling horizontal wells in existing vertically
drilled and producing reservoirs in Woods, Alfalfa, and Grant counties, Okla.,
along the Kansas line. SandRidge, which has leases in both states, hopes to
enlarge its acreage holding to 500,000 acres by yearend 2010 from the current
400,000 acres that contain 1,200-2,500 potential drilling locations.

The company sees operated activity at 10 rigs in the 2011 first quarter
compared with eight at yearend and five at present. It will drill more than 100
Mississippian wells in the coming year and drilled its first well in January
2010. Rigs, services, and infrastructure are readily available.

Most leases have 3-year primary terms with 2-year options. With 10 rigs, the
company believes it can hold 250,000 acres, the spread it originally viewed as
optimum for SandRidge.

Assuming Oct. 28 strip pricing, the expected rate of return is 100% based on a
type curve of 386,000 boe on expected ultimate recovery of 300,000-500,000
boe/well, 53% crude oil. Estimated cost to drill and complete a well, including
salt water disposal facilities, is $2.7 million.

The expansive carbonate stratigraphic trap is 250-500 ft thick at 6,000 ft true
vertical depth with porosity developments of up to 100 ft. Thousands of
vertical wells penetrate the reservoir.

The company’s shift to oil will continue in 2011, as the company runs only a
single rig at Pinon gas field in the Texas Val Verde basin. With Permian basin
acquisitions and success in the Midcontinent Mississippian oil play, SandRidge
hiked its 2010 capital budget to $1.1 billion from $875 million and set its
2011 spending at $1.1 billion. It expects to drill more than 900 oil wells next
year.
Rating :
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/9/2010 11:46:40 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
My top 10-ish positions in no particular order: NRF-A/B, UVIC, MHR-C, EBIX,
IDCC, GFRE, GILD, GPOR, COPJF, CSGH, DRAGF, PBEGF. Changes in top-10: None.

New positions: VSEC, PTI
Positions increased: MHR-C, FRFHF, AXS, UFPT
Positions reduced: NOK, NRF-A/B, FR-J, GPOR, GEOI, HOG, NEWN
Positions eliminated: FMR

Fixed income. Nothing new. Sold some NRF-A/B and FR-J on price runup. Bought
some MHR-C.

As FMR was taken over by FRFHF, I sold FMR and added to FRFHF and AXS. Also on
the buy side added to UFPT.

On the sell side, I'm still not sure NOK is going to get out of the blues, so I
reduced my position again. With oil price and stock price runup I continued
selling GPOR and sold some GEOI. HOG turnaround is also unclear, so I sold a
bit. Finally, NEWN is still cheap, but the price rise was pretty fast and I
decided to lighten a bit.

PTI seems pretty cheap outsourcing company with pretty solid results. Assuming
it's not another SAYCY, it is somewhat interesting.

VSEC was discussed on this thread. I am still not sure it's good idea to buy a
company that may experience contract cuts from Uncle Sam, but the price is
cheap enough for a tracking position.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 10:02:15 AM
From:Madharry
looks like cccl china ceramics is going ahead with their offering they amended
their registration with the sec for new data. about 3.4 million shares no price
yet I am guessing $8.50-$9. I am also guessing it will be oversubscribed at
that price. I contact roth about buying in but no one responded so they dont
need me. *S*. I speculate that as soon as the offering is done the share price
will move up, people are not going to buy until they know what the offering
price is.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 10:59:04 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
Hi Paul,

thanks for the inspiring words (hope not because I am not a doctor :). As for
the results, I don't think they matter anything unless you have gone through a
whole cycle. I got keen on investing because of my boss. I thought it was only
gambling. And I was lucky my colleague told me about mr. Buffet and the
"intelligent investor". My boss is a very logical person and I said ok let me
look deeper into this stock investing. Now I realize that he is a trader,but he
is doing quite well.
In 2009 my result was +78%, but this year I am still -10% mainly because I did
not have any money management. Too much concentration and a psychological
mistake to chase the train. The last time it happened was yesterday with GMXR.
I just forgot to buy it when E_K_S talked about it. And it was 17% up
yesterday. Just an example.
I am sure it has happened to all of you. How do you deal with this?

Good Investing
Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 11:06:30 AM
From:Spekulatius
CCCL - may be a fraud:

Our Brand Recognition Differentiates Us. We believe that the “Hengda,” “HD,”
“Hengdeli,” “HDL,” and “TOERTO” brands are well recognized and highly regarded
in markets where our products are sold. Our “HD” and “Hengda” brands were
awarded the “Chinese Well-Known Mark” award from the Intermediate People’s
Court of Xiangtan City and “Asia’s 500 Most Influential Brands 2010” award from
the World Brand Laboratory.

they claim their brands have value and cite a report from World Brand Labs. The
latter seems to be fraudulent. Is this relevant? I think it is - Cockroaches
are never alone.

You will find several articles like that (funny english -robot translater?):
http://www.sourcejuice.com/1196243/2009/07/29/Chinese-scholars-signed-letter-ex
ose-false-world-brand-laboratory/
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 11:09:25 AM
From:Mr.Gogo
Madharry,

I think you said something about GM IPO. I can only tell you that their stock
yards around Toronto are full of new cars and they keep bringing more and more.
same is with Chrysler. I don't see how they can sell all this in a year. I
don't know the number, but it looks like a lot of cars to me :) I don't think
they learned to make cars efficiently in a year. The only way to sell all this
is to offer good financing or lower the prices.

Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 11:43:08 AM
From:Paul Senior
OT: Doc Gogo: I keep espousing that doctors generally make lousy stock
investors --too trusting, too sure of themselves, so successful in their lives
and what they've accomplished. They assume with superior intellect and
application they'll obviously be successful in the stock market as well. How
hard can it be after all compared to going through med school?
(Investing is different and very challenging, imo.)

It seems I keep getting proved wrong in my opinion though by the market success
of the doctors who are, or have been (Dr. Burry), on this thread.

I believe I'm with "Intelligent Investing" on this. To get okay results as a
"defensive" investor, that's one thing. To do better than the market over a
long period of time (decades, if not a lifetime) as an "enterprising" investor,
that's a more difficult achievement for anyone.

All just my opinion of course. (Wrong though it may be)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 12:10:01 PM
From:MCsweet
LIA follow up,

I am taking some profits here. Stock is up and I have an overweight position.
Prisa and deal are doing fine, but EURO keeps weakening, which hurts the final
economics.

I still own a good-sized amount.

MC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 12:12:23 PM
From:Mr.Gogo
I am not a doctor, I am a software developer, but your little argument with Dr.
Burry is what I meant :) And you are very right Doctors and Lawyers by
statistics don't do very well because of too much self confidence. But i know a
doctor who has 25% per year average compounded for 30 years. I think the
"enterprising" investor who has to do well over time has to do a lot of WORK.
Buffet is an extremely hardworking person that's my impression of him as told
in "The Snowball"

Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 12:30:50 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
I think most software developers who invest lean towards technical trading,
since that feels like algorithms and they "know" that if they just find that
one algorithm they will make it. ;) Personally, I am in software too, but I'm
not interested in TA. I knew couple people who did program trading and
presumably did well, but that did not attract me either.

On the other end of the spectrum, I know a bunch of software people who think
that market is just a casino and they don't invest since they can't go with
randomness. ;)

Yeah, good investor usually has to do a lot of work. But it's really fun, it's
not work. ;)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 12:36:53 PM
From:E_K_S
Hi Dr. Gogo -

Re: GMX Resources Inc. (GMXR)

Don't be afraid to take profits from time to time but leave some skin on the
table for those multi baggers.

Sold some GMXR May 2011 $5 calls (a covered call position) for $1.35/share.
This allows me to sell my expensive GMXR shares bought 8/11/2010 at $5.55/share
in May 2011 for $5.00/share w/ $1.35/share premium. (Note: It also becomes a
derivative play that can be traded for a short term gain on any downward move
of this stock which is normal as it finds a bottom)

20% of my position is now hedged that locks in a 20% return on my expensive
shares.

I believe this will be a multi bagger but it's still a speculative "value"
play. The recent EXCO Resources Inc. (XCO) buyout proposal by management
(UPDATE 1-EXCO CEO says $4.36 bln bid a bet on assets, not gas -
http://www.reuters.com/article/idAFSGE6A20JN20101103?rpc=44 )confirms to me
that GMXR's infrastructure capital investment already deployed (close to $200
million) has significant value, more than the market is pricing in. It also
helps that GMXR owns several parcels of land contiguous to XCO's pruducing
wells. Combined with the historical low in NG prices, GMXR could be worth
$15.00/share on any sustained move in NG above $6.00/Mcf (in the foreseeable
future ie. 2012-2013).

New money from the large integrated oil companies are sniffing around the
Marcellus shale fields. This signals to me that there is a lot of hidden value
still left in many of these domestic shale fields. Paul Sr. is correct that
there is value in many of these small E&P companies especially those with
proven reserves "in the ground".

The hard part is finding the ones that will demand a premium price based on the
current market price.

I have been lucky to own a few of these companies (like XCO) but have also be
deploying new funds in those companies that have recently been the buyers too (
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=CNX,EPD,DPM,LINE,ERF,WMB,MDU&d=s ).

Each company has its own story and you can never be 100% correct as to the
"true" value of the asset(s). The important thing is to have a little bit of
skin in the game so you can be a player too. Finally, take some profits off the
table from time to time but remember to let your big value speculative buys
ride because the patient investor will be rewarded with a multi bagger. That's
where the real money is made and it is quite rewarding to see your "value"
hunch pay off.

EKS

FWIW - I have been wrong on a lot of my hunches too. Just be sure that you
throw in the towel on those so you limit your loss of capital and you have
another day to play the game.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 1:41:53 PM
From:Mr.Gogo
Totally not interested in technical analysis. I think it is just a self
fulfilling prophecy.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 1:44:07 PM
From:Mr.Gogo
E_K_S

Maybe I did not express myself right, but I am NOT a Doctor :) not even in
computer science :)

Georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 2:35:30 PM
From:Madharry
thanks for the info georgi
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:11/10/2010 2:46:25 PM
From:Madharry
re cccl: I dont want to go off half cocked. but calling this is a fraud based
upon some garbled information from a questionable source relating to a
marketing surrounding a product, is incendiary. Just like with GFRE I suspect
that hedgefunds who are putting millions of dollars into this company as well
as roth who are in charge of the new offering have done a fair amount of due
dilligence. Right now on a worst case basis I see this equivalent to someone
paying dues and joining the better business bureau. Id they paid a registration
fee so that they could use this in their advertising that doesnt make them a
fraudulent entity. I will wait to see how the offering goes and who picks up
shares and to what extent its oversubscribed.

Any chinese based readers who want to comment on this product feel free.
%EOM----------------------

