%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 9:22:46 AM
From:Sergio H
Tax law will have impact too.

http://blogs.marketwatch.com/election/2012/07/24/j-p-morgan-democrat-tax-propos
l-would-hit-stocks-up-to-15/
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 12:51:55 PM
From:E_K_S
Re: TC Pipelines LP (TCP)
Breitburn Energy Partners L.P. (BBEP)

TC PipeLines, LP Raises Distribution and Announces 2012 Second Quarter
Financial Results
http://goo.gl/Vs05I

<blockquote>TC PipeLines, LP (TCP) (the Partnership) today announced that the
board of directors of TC PipeLines GP, Inc., its general partner, declared the
Partnership's second quarter 2012 cash distribution of $0.78 per common unit.
The distribution represents a 1.3 percent increase over the distribution of
$0.77 per common unit paid in first quarter 2012. The distribution is payable
on August 14, 2012 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on
August 3, 2012.</blockquote> May look at peeling off a bit more ATO and see if
I can find any other undervalued MLP pipelines.

Breitburn Energy Partners L.P. (BBEP) is one I have recently started a tracking
position in but they are not a pure pipeline play. I figure 30% of their value
is based on the midstream assets they purchased in 2007.

From their September 2007 press release:

<blockquote>The midstream assets are located in Michigan, Indiana and Kentucky
and consist of gathering, transportation, compression and processing assets.
These assets are strategically important because they transport and process
both equity and third party gas, enhancing the value of the acquired E&P
properties by allowing for higher realized gas sale prices and minimizing the
reliance on third parties for takeaway capacity.-- Integrated midstream assets
enhance value of E&P properties -- Michigan equity gas sold at MichCon prices
-- No significant reliance on third party transportation -- Midstream assets in
Michigan alone comprise: -- 114,000 horsepower of operated compression -- 297
miles of pipeline including 138 miles of transmission and 159 miles of high
pressure gathering -- Over 1,000 miles of low pressure gathering pipelines --
Three gas processing plants for removal of carbon dioxide -- Four NGL recovery
plants</blockquote>
Therefore, I may use some of those proceeds to up my holdings in BBEP as it is
selling nears it lows. My EKS$ value is around $19.20/share w/ a TBV=$20.54.
However, EPS have not been stable and in fact negative 3 out of the last five
years. TBV has fallen too from $23.50/share (2/2012) to $20.54/share (7/2012).
However 12 analysts who cover the stock have outperform (3) and Buy (7) ratings
on the stock.

I still need to look into the other MLP you mentioned in your earlier post.
NSH/NS, TCP, BWP, ETP . BWP is one that may be worth another look.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 1:39:22 PM
From:Ditchdigger
I was playing around with this presentation last night on BBEP
http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/BBEP/1989493680x0x574653/13063b1c-0b1e-4
56-8b2b-4ed1501613db/RBC_Conference_Presentation_6.5.12__vF.pdf

and looking at the 2 recent pending acquisitions(pg 6) of the above
presentation via this link posted by Dennis..Looks like they picked up some
interesting properties (Wolfberry trend in the Permian basin)--page 34
http://www.sendspace.com/file/ycctc1

Not to mention the Big Horn basin in WY..
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 2:04:56 PM
From:E_K_S

Re: GreenHunter Energy Inc Common s (AMEX: GRH) - Closed out position

Booked a 47% annualized gain on my very small tracking position bought in May
2012. I do feel comfortable enough to buy a small position in their newly
announced cumulative 10% Series C preferred (Par @ $25). They have priced this
offering at a discount to Par, $21 which will yield 11.9%. The offering will
close July 31, 2012.

GreenHunter Energy Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 10.0% Series “C”
Perpetual Preferred Stock http://goo.gl/o82ft

The risk/reward is better holding this preferred than the common. There is a
potential 20% capital gain w/ the preferred if the company gets bought out,
otherwise you earn 11.8% while you wait. If so, the preferred will be paid off
at par (ie $25). I think this is a more conservative value play than holding
the common shares. Therefore, I sold out my GRH common share position and will
deploy these funds into their preferred. I do like the company and their
services but depending how they deploy the $8M proceeds from this offering will
determine just how profitable they can be in the future.

FWIW, I noticed a lot of insider sells on Associated Estates Realty Corporation
(AEC) but at higher prices. Have added that to my watch list and could be a
good one to follow Grommit into.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 5:56:48 PM
From:Bocor
Are you familiar with QRE? Recently took a position in it, and so far it's
performing well, although not exactly what you are looking for, is IS beaten
down!
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 7:02:39 PM
From:E_K_S
Hi Bocor -

QR Energy, LP (QRE)

QRE is more of a true E&P w/ 100% of their operation in the production of Oil &
NG. My value thesis is to find those E&P companies that own all or part of
Midstream gathering and processing operations. This may also include several
miles of pipes that distribute the NG to the main distribution node. Many times
these assets are not fully valued when co-mingled in all their other assets of
the parent E&P and/or MLP.

At some point during the growth of the E&P company, they spin off these
Midstream operations to raise money to drill more wells. So I have been looking
at MLP's that might have a percentage of their assets bundled up in one or more
Midstream facilities. In the case of BBEP their midstream operation makes their
New Albany Shale properties (located in Indiana and Kentucky) more valuable. As
the operator, they can generate more cash flow for the MLP because they also
own many of the active producing wells in the surrounding area.

Another E&P w/ a Midstream Operation is MHR. However, MHR has already monetized
50% of that asset so the remaining value probably only reflects 30% of the
current market cap. That's still a pretty good chunk of MHR's value, so I want
to own more of MHR but only at the right price.

I imagine there are many other similar companies that could present a value
opportunity if they can be discovered. I also find that at some point some of
these very large MLP's like Kinder Morgan, Inc. (NYSE: KMI) and/or DCP
Midstream Partners LP (NYSE: DPM) and even some of these large integrated
pipeline operators (ie Spectra Energy Corp. (NYSE: SE)) will buy (or help build
the Midstream operation thru a JV) and operate these Midstream companies for
these growing E&P companies. They will pay a large premium to get control of
these facilities.

So, that is the opportunity. Maybe you know of other candidate companies. Many
of my most successful E&P investments have been these growing E&Ps ready to
monetize all or part of their Midstream facilities.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 9:55:21 PM
From:Paul Senior
"a material weakness in internal controls was found by the auditor." "They (the
company) also suspended dividends."

That's enough to stop me from digging much further. I leave it to others.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/25/2012 10:54:21 PM
From:Bocor
<table class=std border=0 cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=1 width="98%" align=center>
<tr> <td></td></tr> <tr> <td colSpan=2>"a material weakness in internal
controls was found by the auditor." "They (the company) also suspended
dividends."

That's enough to stop me from digging much further. I leave it to others.

DITTO!!!
</td></tr></table>
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 12:00:27 AM
From:Sergio H
Hi WhiteRabbit. I took your post as a question of where APAGF will bottom. I
could not find where the auditors had problems with internal controls,
nevertheless I would avoid this stock based on recent news from YPF, APAGF is
not cheap on metrics and the institutional buying is not relevant since a
majority interest is owned by another co. Watching Argentina out of the corner
of my eye. Thanks for posting.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 12:56:12 AM
From:WhiteRabbit

In their proxy statement on 4/20/12, there is a "Report of the Audit Committee"
which leads me to believe they may correct the problem.

Not sure how to interpret the dividend issue. What worries me more is that
management hasn't publicly talked about the drop in share price or mentioned it
in reports.

The fundamentals have been solid in previous years. Could be a classic Graham
play of a company in trouble. May not know better until next annual report is
released.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 1:59:41 AM
From:Spekulatius
SI (Siemens) is having a little bit if a problem, which is not that surprising
really:
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-07-26/siemens-cautions-on-outlook-as-quarter
y-profit-misses-estimates.html?cmpid=yhoo

Sieht nicht gut aus!
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 9:23:54 AM
From:E_K_S

From the article:<blockquote>..Siemens cut its earnings forecast from 6 billion
euros in April after delays in linking up off-shore wind parks to Europe’s
power grid resulted in charges. Its outlook contrasts with that of ABB Ltd.
(ABBN), which today said it’s more optimistic about its targets than three
months earlier.</blockquote>

I like both stocks (ABB & SI) but thought there may be a Europe slow down for
several quarters. It seems like this shortfall is specific to SI not a European
slow down.

I think I will look at ABB again with that in mind.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 9:38:08 AM
From:E_K_S
Trinity Industries Inc. (TRN) - pretty good report stock +18% last $26.63

http://goo.gl/bZUSY
<blockquote>Second quarter revenue growth of 45% and net income growth of 126%
over second quarter of 2011Anticipates full year 2012 earnings per common
diluted share of between $2.95 and $3.10, compared to its previous full year
2012 guidance of between $2.55 and $2.70Rail Group receives orders for
approximately 8,610 new railcars and reports shipments of approximately 5,245
railcars during the second quarterInland Barge Group receives orders of
approximately $203 millionRailcar Leasing and Management Services Group reports
operating profit from sales of railcars from the lease fleet of $15.1 million
compared to $3.4 million in the same period last yearCompany repurchases
approximately 1.7 million shares of its common stock during the quarter at a
cost of $41.2 millionCompany ended the quarter with $294.1 million of cash and
$831.8 million of available liquidity, including its committed credit
facilities</blockquote>

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 10:31:54 AM
From:Asymmetric
Looking to buy TWI on earnings miss. Just missed getting some so far.

- A.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 11:08:55 AM
From:Paul Senior
TWI: A lot going on today with earnings reports, and I missed today's TWI lows;
I did add a bit though at $19.31.

Mr. Taylor remains bullish (as he has been):

“The second quarter was a record for Titan, but it could have been even
bigger,” announced Maurice M. Taylor, Chairman and CEO. “The order books are
very strong. The tire group was affected by the record heat wave and it
impacted our efficiency."

http://finance.yahoo.com/news/titan-international-announces-record-second-12000
996.html
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 11:59:19 AM
From:Paul Senior
JNS, fwiw: Another quarter of outflows for this money manager, and stock is
down.

I calculate $127B assets under management in equity-type funds. Assuming
there's not too much change in mutual funds' business model that might result
from investors exiting funds because they now prefer etf's, I am sticking with
my heuristic that money managers are worth about 2% of aum. I am ascribing no
value to money-market or fixed-income funds. So for me, I'm looking at JNS
valued about $2.5B vs. its enterprise value (per Yahoo) of $1.25B.

I'll continue to hold my slightly underwater shares.

http://finance.yahoo.com/news/janus-capital-group-inc-announces-120000300.html
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 12:12:14 PM
From:Paul Senior
APAGF/Venezuela: WhiteRabbit, you might be right about APAGF being a possible
Graham play, given its past solid fundamentals (assuming the auditors don't
demand changes to historical numbers). Co. holds no interest for me though.

I do want to offer my opinion that right now, I'm not concerned about the
geopolitical risk with Venezuela. I believe that Venezuela's appropriation of
YPF's oil interests (which in previous years was Venezuela's national oil
company) is a one-off deal.
I have a few shares of a penny stock with large exploration acreage in
Venezuela, and I am hoping now that the government owns an oil company, this
might influence the government's oil policies to benefit all e&p companies in
the country.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 1:45:09 PM
From:Brinks
Resource Stock Update V18 # 8.1

Australian Bakken PetroFrontier, PFC / STATOIL July 10, 2012

Ron Struthers 505 Cummer Ave Apt 311 Toronto Ont. M2K 2L8

Yearly subscription $225 cdn /year or US$225

 

 

The Oil Stock to own- No doubt you have heard how the large shale finds, like
Marcelus in North America are discovering huge quantities of gas and oil and in
fact it has changed the Nat Gas market in North America. I found a company that
has discovered a new shale 3 times richer than the ones in North America. And
this little company owns the whole shale. This little company could easily make
a profound change to the world oil market. In fact a major oil company has
already bought 14% of this company on the open market and one of the most
famous investors in the world (George Soros) has also bought up over 6% on the
open market. 

 

They have drilled 2 wells, the 2nd called MacIntyre-2H reached a total measured
depth of 1,916 metres and stayed within the primary target zone, the Lower
Arthur Creek hot shale Formation, for approximately 1,080 metres, recording
positive hydrocarbon indications along the entire length of the horizontal
section.

A multistage open-hole completion string will now be placed in the well before
the drilling rig moves on to drill the third horizontal well, Owen-3.
Thereafter, a fracture stimulation program is expected to be carried out at
each of Baldwin-2Hst1, MacIntyre-2H and Owen-3H.

This is the biggest opportunity I have seen in oil&gas since Ultra Petroleum
where we made up to 9800%, no not a misprint, with stock splits $0.50 to about
$50.

I have been following this play for about 4 years and am making you aware of
PetroFrontier now

because all the right pieces have fallen into place, including the lowest, best
buy in the stock price.

They are drilling the 3rd well, with a frac on all 3 wells to follow next, so
the big results on whether a discovery is proven is yet to come, doing 3 wells
improves the odds of success. At least one well should work, probably two and
good odds for all three.

This is an enormous play, they have an average 87.1% interest in 14 million
acres so bringing in a senior partner with deep pockets was key, so 2 weeks ago
was announced that StatOil will spend $50 million and commit to an additional
$80 million to earn an initial 25% and up to $210 million to earn 65%.

StatOil is an expert in shale oil&gas plays with significant participaton in 3
of the major North

American shales, Marcellus, Eagle Ford and Bakken. They know good shale
prospects when they see them so this is a big vote of confidence for
PetroFrontier.

http://www.statoil.com/en/OurOperations/ExplorationProd/ShaleGas/Pages/Where.as
x

Some excerpts from an article by EnergyNewsPremium.net

“TSX-listed PetroFrontier Corporation and Statoil announced this week the
Norwegian energy giant would spend up to $US210 million to earn a 65% interest
in six PetroFrontier permits over half of the southern Georgina Basin.

 

It’s the biggest farm-in deal yet involving a big international company over
unconventional targets in Australia.

Statoil has committed to spend more than Hess, Mitsubishi and ConocoPhillips in
their respective farm-ins by a wide margin.

 

The deal proves Statoil is a believer in the liquids-rich potential of the
Georgina Basin, highlighted in a Ryder Scott report released by PetroFrontier
in late 2010.

 

Ryder Scott found PetroFrontier’s four granted permits had strong similarities
to the Bakken oil shale in North America. It estimated potential recoverable
oil (P50 case) of 1.1 billion barrels from conventional targets and a whopping
26.4 billion barrels from shale oil horizons.

 

The new deal with Statoil locks in a big budget to test this potential, and
quickly. For PetroFrontier, headed by former ExxonMobil geologist Paul Bennett,
it has been a hugely successful exercise in adding value.”

 

Total investment by 2016 will be 230 million by Statoil and PFC.

By that time, I am convinced this will be a huge discovery, based on
preliminary data Ryder Scoot estimates at 26.1 billion barrel potential.

 

Strong balance sheet $18 million cash 

 

PetroFrontier TSXV:PFC Recent Price $0.77

 

52 week trading range $0.67 to $4.24

Shares Outstanding 64 million

Management 6.2%

Institutions about 63% Including:

George Soros Fund 6.2%, Epic Capital 10.6%

Heritage Oil TSX: HOC 14.1%

There are 5.7 million options at an average of 1.87, most above $2.00 with 1.2
million at 1.00 to 1.20 and just 220,000 at 0.25

 

Highlights

 

87% average W.I. In 14.1 Million gross acres in Georgina Basin, Australia

• EP 103/104 = 100% W.I.

• EP 127/128 = 75% W.I.

• EPA 252/213 = 100% W.I.

 

Geologically analogous to North America Shale plays, and shallow depth 600 –
1,200 meters utilizing horizontal drilling and multistage frac technology

 

Unconventional Oil Rich Zone

• 13 old wells identified with prospective oil rich zones

• PetroFrontier is first to horizontally drill and multi-stage frac in the
Northern Territory,

Australia

 

Conventional Carbonate Zones

• Live oil shows identified in 11 wells, some with high background gas

• Untested potential bypassed oil pay zones identified in several old “dry
holes”

 

Oil Resource 26.4 BBbl Ryder Scott evaluation in Nov 2010

• Biggest play risk is technical and economic (engineering)

 

Almost &#188; billion exploration phase by a major (expert in shale) StatOil
where PetroFrontier is carried so no share dilution. Strong financial position
with an expert management team.

 

Company/Property

PetroFrontier is an oil and gas company exploring for both conventional and
unconventional onshore petroleum and natural gas in the Northern Territory,
Australia. PetroFrontier is one of the first companies to undertake extensive
exploration in the Southern Georgina Basin.

Founded in 2009, the first two years of operations concentrated on amassing a
large land position, which currently sits at 14.1 million acres with an 87.1%
working interest within four exploration permits. A drilling program commenced
in late 2011 targeting significant unconventional hydrocarbon potential.

Headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, PetroFrontier employs a highly
experienced management team and Board of Director with expertise in
international oil and natural gas exploration and development.

Australia’s 30 on-shore drilling rigs are dwarfed by a fleet of more than 800
rigs in Canada. The bulk of petroleum spending in OZ is directed offshore
leaving only 13% for onshore exploration. Australia is an LNG exporter but
imports 55% of its domestic oil demand.

Onshore Australia is a bit of what Canada was like in the 1960s; huge tracts of
unexplored land in hydrocarbon-prone basins. The Southern Georgina Basin is one
of Australia's last virtually unexplored onshore sedimentary basins
encompassing 100,000 square km and nearly 25 million acres, with the potential
for multi-billion barrel accumulations. It is under-explored because of the
massive shift to offshore hydrocarbon exploration some 40 years ago, its vast
and remote deserts, land access issues and until recently, limited access to
infrastructure and petroleum services.

PetroFrontier has four onshore EPs granted by the government of Northern
Territory, which are

situated over what is believed to be the most prospective part of the basin.
Very few wells have been drilled within the entire Southern Georgina Basin
making the basin virtually unexplored by North American standards. Within and
in the vicinity of PetroFrontier's four EPs and two EPAs a total of only twenty
nine wells have been drilled, including twinned wells. The existence of giant
oil and gas fields in Neoproterozoic/Cambrian rocks in Russia (Siberia) and in
the Middle East (Oman), with recoverable oil reserves in the billions of
barrels, has resulted in renewed exploration interest in other similar aged
basins throughout the world. Also the great technical advances and widespread
success in horizontal drilling and multistage fracture stimulation of
unconventional oil shale plays in North America has made international "Hot
Shale" zones, like the Arthur Creek found in the Southern Georgina Basin,
valuable exploration prospects. The Southern Georgina Basin, onshore Australia,
hosts high quality source beds and potential conventional and unconventional
reservoir rocks.

Management of the Corporation believes that this basin is one of the most
prospective onshore basins in Australia with potential for both very large
conventional and unconventional oil and gas deposits.

PetroFrontier has a massive contiguous land position in the Southern Georgina
Basin and access to potentially significant oil and gas reserves at relatively
low exploration and drilling costs. To identify prospects, PetroFrontier is
applying world-class geophysical techniques and seismic data under the guidance
of experienced North American and Australian exploration experts.

Exploration is centered on leading edge drilling technologies. PetroFrontier is
the first company in Australia to use unconventional horizontal drilling and
open hole multi-stage facture stimulation techniques, both of which have
unlocked tremendous production volumes from unconventional plays in North
America.

 

Drilling start-up in 2011; Next Steps in 2012

 

PetroFrontier initiated its drilling campaign in August, 2011 with the drilling
of one horizontal well

(Baldwin-2Hst1)and the recent completion of one other (MacIntyre-2). The third
horizontal well is planned for the 3rd quarter of 2012 and should spud any day
now. An independent open hole fracture stimulation program will be conducted on
all three horizontal wells, and these operations should be completed by the end
of the 3rd quarter 2012. This program will primarily test for economic flow
rates from the unconventional Arthur Creek "Hot Shale" zone through horizontal
drilling and multistage frac completions.

Controlling Land Position

 

PetroFrontier has an average working interest of 87.1% in 14.1 mm gross acres
of land in what

management believes to be the most prospective hydrocarbon region of the
Southern Georgina Basin.

The hydrocarbon window within these lands ranges from oil mature to gas mature.
These lands cover four Exploration Permits: EP 103, EP 104, EP 127 and EP 128.
The permits are relatively close to oil and gas markets and infrastructure with
a gas pipeline to the north coast, rail connections north and south and public
roads to a refinery at Alice Springs.

 

When they frac these wells in the 3rd qtr. and if successful PetroFrontier will
simply have a massive discovery on their hands, the large land position is like
owning an entire shale

formation in North America and those have created $billion on market valuation
for N American oil&gas companies

 

The stock has potential to go up in value between 10 and 100 times

MANAGEMENT

PFC has a very high profile and experienced management team, including a couple
of top ExxonMobil people former CEO of Talisman Energy, Husky Oil and much
more, see below

 

 

Paul J. Bennett, President, CEO & Director has been the with PetroFrontier
since its formation on February 6, 2009. Mr. Bennett has over 39 years of
experience in geoscience, mining and oil and gas exploration, development and
producing. Prior to joining PetroFrontier, he held executive and senior
management positions with ExxonMobil in the United States, the United Kingdom
and Canada. In these roles, he supervised technical, geological and geophysical
teams in the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea, Western Canada, Newfoundland and
Nova Scotia. He is a Director of Uranium Participation Corp. and Armistice
Resources Corp.

Mr. Bennett holds an Honours Bachelor of Science degree in geology and a Master
of Science degree in Geology both from the University of Toronto. He is a
member of the Alberta Association of Professional Engineers, Geologists and
Geophysicists (APEGGA).

Earl Scott Chief Operating Officer is the newest member of the senior
management team. Mr. Scott brings extensive knowledge of drilling, completions,
production operations, project management and facilities through 25 years of
experience in the oil and gas industry. From 2010 until present, Mr. Scott was
a consultant employed as Vice President, Operations for Red Rock Energy and
Kurdistan Project Manager for Western Zagros, both in Calgary, Alberta. Prior
to 2010, Mr. Scott held various roles including Vice President, Engineering and
Operations with BG Canada Exploration Inc and as a technical consultant to
ExxonMobil Canada based in Calgary, Alberta. Mr. Scott has held a range of
increasingly progressive technical leadership roles in Malaysia, France,
Venezuela, Ecuador and Canada with companies such as Exxon, Schlumberger, AEC
International and BG Group. Mr. Scott is

a professional engineer and has a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical
Engineering from the University of Calgary.

Shane J. Kozak Chief Financial Officer, V.P. Finance & Corporate Secretary Mr.
Kozak has held senior finance positions with both public and private companies
including Rodinia Oil Corp., Keyera Facilities Income Fund, Win Energy
Corporation and Severo Energy Corp. Mr. Kozak holds a Bachelor of Commerce
degree from the University of Calgary and is a member of the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of Alberta.

Robert J. Iverach, Q.C., ICD.D has been the Chairman of the Board and a
Director of PetroFrontier since its incorporation. Mr. Iverach is also the
Chairman of the Board of Rodinia Oil Corp., a Director of Veresen Inc. and
Counsel with the law firm Burstall Winger LLP. Previously Mr. Iverach was a
founding partner of the tax law firm Felesky Flynn LLP, where he practiced for
27 years before retiring in 2005. Mr. Iverach holds a Bachelor of Arts degree
from the University of Calgary, a Bachelor of Laws degree from the University
of Alberta and a Master of Laws degree from the London School of Economics. He
is currently an Examiner for the Institute of Corporate Directors.

Dr. James W. Buckee has been a Director of PetroFrontier since its formation on
February 6, 2009. Before joining PetroFrontier, Dr. Buckee served as the
President and Chief Executive Officer of Talisman Energy (formerly BP Canada
Inc.), a position he held for 15 years before retiring in October 2007. Prior
to his executive tenure with Talisman, Dr. Buckee held several international
petroleum engineering positions with BP Oil, Shell International and Burma Oil.
Dr. Buckee holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from the University of
Western Australia and a doctorate in Astrophysics from Oxford University.

 

Kent Jespersen has been a Director of PetroFrontier since its formation on
February 6, 2009. He currently serves as Chair and Chief Executive Officer of
La Jolla Resources International Ltd. Before joining AEC, Mr. Jespersen also
brings to PetroFrontier generous board experience and is currently Chairman of
Orvana Minerals and a Director of TransAlta and Canelson Drilling. Before
joining PetroFrontier, Mr. Jespersen served as the President of Foothills
Pipelines Ltd. and later NOVA Gas International Ltd., where he led the
non-regulated energy services business (including energy trading and marketing)
and all international activities. Previously, Mr. Jespersen held senior
management positions with Husky Oil Ltd.

 

Martin P. McGoldrick has been a Director at PetroFrontier since its formation
on February 6, 2009. With over 30 years of experience in oil and gas investment
banking and international oil and gas exploration and development, Mr.
McGoldrick has held various senior management positions within the energy
industry, including senior roles with Bow Valley Industries Ltd. and TransAlta
Corporation. Prior to joining PetroFrontier, he served as Senior Vice President
and Director, Investment Banking of Jennings Capital Inc., until his retirement
in July 2006. Mr. McGoldrick graduated with a Bachelor of Electrical
Engineering degree from the College of Dublin, Ireland and holds a Master of
Business Administration with a specialization in Finance from the University of
Calgary. He is a member of the Association of Professional Engineers,
Geologists and Geophysicists of Alberta (APEGGA).

 

 

Donald J. Rae has been a Director of PetroFrontier since August 24, 2010. Mr.
Rae has more than 30 years of diversified experience in the oil and gas
industry. He is currently the President and Chief Officer of Coral Hill Energy
Ltd., a private corporation and prior to that he was the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Wave Energy Ltd. (purchased by Crescent Point Energy Corp.
in October 2009) and Senior Vice President, Exploration of Penn West Petroleum
Ltd. Mr. Rae was instrumental in the utilization of the Packers Plus
multi-stage frac'ing technology in the lower Shaunavon (Saskatchewan, Canada)
while at Wave Energy, well before that technology was being applied in the
Bakken.

 

 

The Statoil farm-in agreement

Statoil Australia Oil & Gas AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Statoil ASA of
Norway, Statoil and

PetroFrontier will each contribute $25-million (U.S.) to PetroFrontier's
current 2012/2013 phase 1 exploration program. PetroFrontier is being credited
with exploration expenditures already incurred in 2012. Upon completion of
phase 1, Statoil may elect to commit to phase 2 or withdraw completely
whereupon Statoil will have earned no working interest in the lands.

Upon committing to phase 2, Statoil must pay $25-million (U.S.) to
PetroFrontier and commit to spend 80 per cent of the next $100-million (U.S.)
in the phase 2 program. Only at that time will Statoil have earned a
25-per-cent interest in PetroFrontier's acreage. In summary, to complete phase
2, Statoil must spend $50-million (U.S.) and commit to spend an additional
$80-million (U.S.) to earn an initial 25-per-cent interest in the lands.

During phase 2, which is scheduled to occur during calendar years 2014 and
2015, PetroFrontier's $20-million (U.S.) exploration contribution will be
financed out of the $25-million (U.S.) paid to it by Statoil. Furthermore, if
Statoil elects to proceed with phase 3, which is expected to occur during
calendar 2016 and beyond, PetroFrontier will not be required to contribute any
additional funds until Statoil has spent the next $80-million (U.S.). Since
PetroFrontier's net exploration costs to the end of phase 3 will only be
$20-million (U.S.) (during which time Statoil's commitment will be $210-million
(U.S.)), PetroFrontier will not require additional equity financing to meet its
obligations under the farm-in agreement to the end of phase 3.

Statoil's involvement validates PetroFrontier's understanding of the
exploration potential of the

Southern Georgina basin, and will allow PetroFrontier to more rapidly explore
and develop its

exceptionally large acreage position of over 14 million acres. Statoil brings
exceptional technical

capabilities, being currently heavily involved in North American unconventional
resource plays such as the Bakken, Marcellus and Eagle Ford plays.

"With success, the full value of this farm-in agreement will be captured and we
are committed, in

partnership with PetroFrontier, to realizing the potential of the Southern
Georgina basin. We look forward to the possibilities," said Vidar Skjaeveland,
Statoil's vice-president, new ventures.

 

Financial

Previous financing in 2010 was $58M at $2.00 per share. As mentioned above PFC
is completely carried through this exploration/development program and has
approx. $18 million cash and no debt.

 

Summary

PFC has just spudded the 3rd well, Owen-3 that will test the unconventional
potential of the primary target zone, the Lower Arthur Creek hot shale, in the
Toko synclinal area. Owen-3 will be drilled to an estimated depth of 1,280
metres, through the Lower Arthur Creek hot shale formation and core/log the
well before deviated horizontally for approximately 1,000 metres into the
primary target zone.

Drilling of Owen-3 is expected to take four to five weeks.

Fracture stimulation update

Following the drilling of Owen-3H, PetroFrontier intends to conduct a 10-stage
fracture stimulation program at each of its three wells in the following order:
MacIntyre-2H, Baldwin-2Hst1 and Owen-3H.

In order to maximize operational efficiencies, the wells will then be flow
tested in the reverse order. PetroFrontier can flow test all of these wells,
which is expected to occur over the next few months and prior to the onset of
the local Australian wet season.

So we are at the point where the rubber meets the road and over the next few
months we will know if this turns into a major new shale discovery.

There is good gas infrastructure nearby but oil infrastructure will need some
development. Remember that Australia imports about 50% of their oil and if this
shale proves up we will likely see a major rush and area play into these
Australian shales. It will be huge news in the oil industry and PetroFrontie
would be the darling of this play.

T

hat's where I see the potential of PFC as another Ultra Petroleum, hundreds of
wells could be drilledinto their properties.

There is a good chance that PFC will be bought out before all the development
but if they hit here.

PetroFrontier TSXV:PFC Recent Price $0.75

Just after I hit the send button on my report, I seen the news that the $15
million bought deal financing was canceled. I don't think this changes things
much at all. I think we seen a knee jerk reaction sell off in the stock down
about 10 to 15 cents, but short term nothing has changed. It did provide us a
good buying opportunity.

PFC is financed for this year and exploration program so we will still see the
results of the 3 wells and whether there is a discovery or not. It might be a
blessing that they do not finance now. If they wait for results and they are
good and by then markets will have likely improved they may be able to finance
at higher prices.

The risk is they run into difficulties or delays and may have to finance under
more difficult conditions.

Simply one never knows, that is the name of the game in exploration, but I do
think the odds of

success are very good with this one. I don't think canceling of the finance had
anything to do about the due diligence or prospect of PFCbut is more likely a
function of the weak financial markets now. Perhaps MacQuarie figured they
couldeasily raise this money and found out they could not?

Also I did not disclose in my write up that I do currently own 20,000 shares of
PFC.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 2:53:30 PM
From:Wallace Rivers
Sold WM today for an OK profit plus three divs. Current results and forward
look lackluster for a stock trading at a 15 PE.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 5:40:26 PM
From:WhiteRabbit
I agree with you about YPF and am also interested to see how the situation
plays out in Argentina.

.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/26/2012 10:42:55 PM
From:Dennis 3
I don't think Argentina is as bad as the periphery EU, since they are shut out
of International Markets(foreign debt). Their budget deficit from fiscal
spending is mainly due lack of demand from Brazil and Europe.

I started buying TEO.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 2:27:15 AM
From:Asymmetric
I'll have to go over TWI's earning report and conference call over the weekend.

I snagged this stock yesterday (GTI) a little over $9. I was shocked at how
much it went up after
earnings report. Kicking myself for not picking up more, especially when it
went below $9. Here is some
research that I based my purchase on:
This Steel Play Is a Steal
By DAVID ENGLANDER / Barrons July 18, 2012

Shares of GrafTech, whose products are essential for steel production, have
been unfairly bludgeoned.

Worries that a global slowdown would dramatically reduce demand for steel have
sent shares of GrafTech International tumbling by almost 50% since February.

Granted, as a leading manufacturer of graphite electrodes, which are essential
to the production of steel in electric arc furnaces, GrafTech's (ticker: GTI)
business would certainly be hurt in such a scenario.

However, the market reaction, in our estimation, appears to be a sharp
overreaction.

Even without a pick up in steel demand, GrafTech could start to see
improvements soon. In the first quarter, high inventories of graphite
electrodes, ordered back in 2011 when demand was strong, allowed customers to
delay new orders. By the second half of the year, though, management believes
that the glut of inventory will be worked through. That could spur order
growth, driving earnings per share (EPS) in the second half of the year 60%
higher than in the first half.

At a Glance

Price: $8.88

52-Week Range: $8.45 - $22.46

Market Value: $1.28 billion

Est 2012 Revenue: $1.2 billion

Est 2012 Net Income: $118 million

Est 2012 EPS: $0.80

Est 2013 EPS: $1.12

Est 2013 PE: 8

Dividend Yield: None

GrafTech's shares could rise 25% or more, as a result, in the next 12 months.
Shares closed Tuesday at $8.88, below book value of $9.50 a share.

This year, according to FactSet, GrafTech is expected to earn $117.9 million,
or 80 cents a share, a 17% decline from the 96 cents a share the firm earned in
2011. Revenue is expected to come in at $1.2 billion. In 2013, EPS could rise
40% to $1.12, as customers restock their inventories. The firm is scheduled to
report 2nd-Q earnings on July 26.

Last year, GrafTech derived 86% of its revenue from selling graphite
electrodes. These electrodes are 20 feet long, weigh up to 4,800 pounds and are
highly conductive to electricity. They allow an electric arc furnace to
maintain the high temperature needed to melt scrap metal into molten steel. The
electrodes accomplish this by adding huge quantities of electricity to the
process and are the only material on the market with these capabilities.

In the March quarter, total sales fell 21% from the same period a year ago, a
result of a 27% drop in sales of graphite electrodes, due to weak steel demand
and customer inventory destocking.

In the firm's smaller division, which accounts for 14% of revenue, sales
increased 12%. In that division, which sells graphite for applications in
industries including solar, electronics, automotive and oil and gas, demand for
smart-phones drove sales gains. Operating income, though, fell to a loss of $1
million from a gain of $3 million a year ago, due to a slowdown of the solar
industry. Management expects the division to return to profitability in the 2nd
Q.

GrafTech has a solid balance sheet, with $13 million in cash to debt of $454
million, or net debt at 24% of total capitalization. At the low end of its
guidance, management is guiding for $15 million in free cash flow. The cash
would likely be used for either share repurchases or an acquisition.

GrafTech's shares look cheap, trading for an enterprise value to estimated 2013
Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) ratio
of 5.2 times. That's well below its historical average of 8.5. At a more
reasonable multiple of 6.5 times, shares would be worth $11.43.

Top 10 Investors: GrafTech International

Investor Name Pos Pos Change % O/S Filing Date

Fidelity Management & Research 19,491,848 4,425,708 13.55 3/31/2012

Royce & Associates 17,086,090 1,105,800 11.88 3/31/2012

Milikowsky (Daniel) 15,247,230 8,579 10.6 3/22/2012

Steadfast Financial 7,215,800 262,000 5.02 3/31/2012

Gabelli Funds 6,987,260 174,572 4.86 3/31/2012

Vanguard Group 5,678,672 150,900 3.95 3/31/2012

Samlyn Capital 5,519,598 -1,308,671 3.84 3/31/2012

Columbia Wanger Asset Management 5,422,400 -250,000 3.77 3/31/2012

BlackRock Institutional Trust 4,280,903 479,284 2.98 3/31/2012

Wells Capital Management 3,613,875 247,569 2.51 3/31/2012

>> GrafTech International: Shares Broken But Competitive Advantages Intact
Matthew Lewis / Seeking Alpha July 3, 2012

Overview: GrafTech International (GTI) manufactures and sells graphite and
carbon based products worldwide. The company operates two segments, but the
lion's share of the revenue and earnings come from Industrial Materials, which
produces graphite electrodes necessary in the production of steel. Shares of
the company have been bludgeoned over the last year due to the decline in steel
prices and demand. However, GrafTech will be solidly profitable this year and
is now trading at under 10 times earnings, providing a great entry point for
long term investors looking for value, growth, and long term competitive
advantages.

Graphite Electrodes

Graphite electrodes are essential for the production of steel in electric arc
furnaces (EAF). EAFs have increased in popularity over the past few decades due
to their lower capital costs, energy requirements, and higher flexibility
compared to traditional blast furnaces. They now account for over 30% of
worldwide steel production, and with the adoption of EAF' in developing
countries like India and China, that share is expected to rise. On the most
recent conference call, GrafTech CEO Craig Shular noted the Chinese government
is initiating the switch to EAF', and that usage is expected to grow nicely in
the next decade. Exhibit 1 shows the increase in steel production, EAF share,
and graphite electrode demand over the past 35 years.

GrafTech's Competitive Advantages

Warren Buffett once likened a competitive advantage to a moat around a castle.
To Buffett, the castle is the business and the moat is the business'
competitive advantage. When Buffett invests, he looks for companies with
unbreachable moats. GrafTech has two such moats that should ensure the health
of the business over the long-term.

First, the graphite electrode market has an oligopoly market structure. There
are seven producers of electrodes world-wide and only two (GrafTech and SGL
Carbon) are capable of competing on a global scale. Combined, the two companies
control about 60% of production capacity. Additionally, the barriers of entry
for new market participants are high. Only one new graphite electrodes facility
has been built since 1977, a new site by SGL Carbon that was commissioned in
2011. The power of the market structure can be seen by examining quarterly
results over the past few years. GrafTech has churned out a profit for the last
21 quarters despite being in a very cyclical business. Even during the doldrums
of 2008-2009, when the company was running facilities at 40% capacity, GrafTech
continued to report quarterly profits.

Second, GrafTech has positioned itself to be the low-cost producer of
electrodes by acquiring needle coke maker Seadrift Coke LP. Needle coke is a
petroleum based product and the main component of a graphite electrode.
Approximately 40% of electrode cost is derived from needle coke. Graphite
electrode producers have long been plagued by the rising cost of needle coke
due to the market's similar oligopolistic structure. The Seadrift acquisition
even prompted Russian graphite electrode producer Energoprom to file a formal
objection to the US Justice Department. Energoprom argued the limited number of
needle coke producers (only 4 world-wide including Seadrift); the high barriers
to market entry, the lack of substitute products, and low elasticity of demand
for needle coke would give GrafTech market advantages over competitors. The
complaint was largely ignored by the US Justice Department, and GrafTech was
only forced to make minor concessions on its needle coke supply contract with
Conoco Phillips in order to gain regulatory approval.

Conclusion

Long-term investors who believe in the future of steel and graphite electrodes
should consider buying shares for GrafTech at these depressed prices. As steel
producers continue to move toward lower cost EAFs, the demand for graphite
electrodes will continue to rise. Oligopoly market structure and vertical
integration of needle coke supply provide durable competitive advantages that
competitors are unlikely to match. With these advantages, GrafTech should be
able to outperform their industry competitors and market over the long-term.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 2:52:46 AM
From:Paul Senior
GTI: Thanks for the comprehensive report; I hadn't seen it. I've held GTI
shares in varying amounts for maybe 15 years (just a stub now): It's been one
of the stocks that's been discussed here occasionally since about when the
thread began. The common theme is the oligopoly -- basically three large firms
(the third one being a Japanese company, I believe). A lesser-known point (told
to me by one of the pro analysts here at the time) was that a lot of GTI's
assets are more valuable than what the depreciated value shows on the balance
sheet. I do wonder though: if these two aspects of the company are that
helpful, it hasn't resulted in high roe or consistent profits.

"Kicking myself for not picking up more, especially when it went below $9."
Yep, I missed it also.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 9:58:35 AM
From:E_K_S
Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) - New three year high on pretty good earnings.

Merck Profit Tops Estimates As Sales Of Diabetes Drugs Grow

http://goo.gl/3Sf88

<blockquote>Merck & Co. (MRK), facing generic competition in August to its
top-selling asthma drug Singulair, reported second-quarter profit that beat
analyst estimates on higher sales of the diabetes medicines Januvia and
Janumet.Earnings excluding one-time items of $1.05 a share beat by 4 cents the
average of 18 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Net income fell 11
percent to $1.79 billion, or 58 cents a share, from $2.02 billion, or 65 cents,
a year earlier, the Whitehouse Station, New Jersey-based company said today in
a statement. Revenue climbed 1.3 percent to $12.3 billion.</blockquote>
There does not seem to be too much concern over the VIOXX litigation as MRK
reaches a post crash three year high. MRK has now vaulted past PFE into my top
10 holding position. For now, I will continue to hold my shares but look at
peeling off some shares as we are are selling 13% my EKS$ value. My last buy
was 6/2009 at $27.30, so I have met my 36 month average holding period.

Stock is up 3.07% on today's earnings report. Last $44.62.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 10:12:49 AM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
OT? French companies and the new govt:

Clown, what do you think about the possible negatives of the new French
president and parliament on the French companies (.e.g. TOT or MGDDY or BNGRF)?
There are noices about extracting more money from oil companies (TOT?) and I
wonder if there might be general tax increase on cos profits. Any insight?

Disclosure: I hold large position in MGDDY and small position in TOT. I'd like
them to be long term holds, but...
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 10:13:49 AM
From:Spekulatius
Sold the GDI in my IRA (1/2 my position) at 56.85$. I am keeping the shares in
my taxable account for now.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 10:32:08 AM
From:Asymmetric
Very Nice trade. Cyclicals overall catching some wind in their sails - at least
for now.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 10:50:56 AM
From:Sergio H
MRK has shot up like a rocket. The overall earnings growth is not substainable
as revenue is growth hasn't kept up but without a doubt it has solid overall
metrics that are hard to beat. The gap in the 40s makes me nervous.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 12:21:06 PM
From:Gulo
Hey Sergio. My SKUL options expired worthless. Most of the open interest in the
July 15 call was mine. That trade more than satisfied my annual need to refresh
my memory as to how well gambling works. ;(

I guess we'll get a hint of how justified the short position is in a few days
when they report earnings. Now, it's time to get back to value that can be
measured...

-g
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 1:35:03 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/07/27/michelin-results-idUSL6E8IR2KE2012072
 .
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 2:53:33 PM
From:E_K_S
Jurgis -

Re: Compagnie Generale DES Etablissements Michelin SCA (MGDDY)

Way to hang on w/ MGDDY. I gave up on it and sold out of my position 4/12/2012
@ $14.25. I was/am worried about Europe but then when China gets going, they
will need all of those tires. Stock up over 8% today on those earnings. I
follow MGDDY, GT, CTTAY,BRCDY and TWI. Other than MGDDY, I like Titan
International Inc. (TWI) -NYSE for their AG exposure. Still, my EKS$ fair value
target for MGDDY is/was $16.00/share.

FWIW, peeled of 16% of my Merck & Co. Inc. (MRK) -NYSE shares and will be
looking a safe place to park those funds. I have been thinking about GOV at a
price below $22.5/share at it yield 7.5%. Still not convinced the market is set
to rally to new highs, but if this EURO things "really" gets resolved this
time, then maybe many of our power house industrials will lead the way. They do
have much better balance sheets and are flushed with cash.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 4:35:20 PM
From:Sergio H
Take a bow Nik. CSTR down some more. 14% today.

Are you waiting for SLM to hit a new high before commenting on it?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 4:44:06 PM
From:NikhilJog
hahahaha. no, now that i am done with NBR which i will put up here, i will take
a look at SLM. CSTR's story still have to play out. when i wrote a short,
people cursed at me...but i guess i am partly vindicated, atleast today.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 5:12:12 PM
From:Paul Senior
EKS, if you're still following NOBGF, fwiw, I'm starting to add to my position
at current prices.

I like the yoy growth in stated bv (now .74 a/o 1q'12) and the company's
diversity (geographical and commodity).

http://www.thisisnoble.com/index.php?option=com_slideshow&view=slideshows&Itemi
=464&lang=en

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=NOBGF
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/27/2012 5:43:02 PM
From:Paul Senior
IM: Averaging down a bit on my few shares of Ingram Micro. A reversion-to-mean
play for me as I look for the stock to again hit .9 x stated bv, or higher,
within next 12 months or so. ($15.30 ==> $19.7)

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=im&ql=1
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/28/2012 10:12:43 AM
From:E_K_S
Gastar Exploration 8.625% Serie (GST-PA) - Peeled off higher shares for a small
sale

Hi Paul -

I sold a few of my higher cost shares of GSTpA, booked a small profit and am
working on lowering my cost basis in this position. I use these preferreds to
park money and like to manage this position to build a low cost basis. I set a
GTC order to sell a few shares above the market (usually 3% above the market
and my cost). Every now and then, they get sold and I am able to buy those
shares back anywhere 5%-8% lower. I was able to do that w/ a few of my GSTpA
shares.

I also have preferreds that are selling above PAR (usually $25.00/share) and I
do the same thing with those positions. I keep a GTC order above the market and
periodically I am able to sell some shares above PAR and book a nice gain.

Just be careful to use (1) All-or-None limits and/or (2) minimum acceptable
quantities or you may get partial fills. Most of these preferreds are thinly
traded so be alert to trading volumes and ex-dividend dates to get the best
prices.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/28/2012 9:18:34 PM
From:Spekulatius
Re French companies - I am not worried about Multinationals like Michelin or
Total. Those companies make most of their revenue outside France (in particular
true for Total), so what the french government due to increase taxations?This
would simply drive TOT to move their headquarters to another country, probably
the UK or Switzerland and french would use their national champion oil company?
It does not make any sense. besides that, France and particulary their
multinationals have done fairly well during the last Socialist era under
Francois Mitterand in the 80's. this government even nationalized the major
banks, but paid their shareholders a pretty fair price, if I remember
correctly.

FWIW, I do own TOT, it is one of my largest positions. Sold my stub in MGDDY
yesterday (failed to re-acquire more shares when they went down a few days
ago).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/29/2012 2:07:38 AM
From:Paul Senior
GST-pa. That's what I've done also a couple of times for trades. I may have got
the idea from a GST post from Jurgis Bekepuris -- not sure. I searched, can't
find.

Anyway, for small amounts of money. Because I don't carry much confidence that
I can keep doing this successfully. Just my limited experience in doing this,
and it's made me cautious. I have been involved in stocks and channeling where
things seem to work out several times in succession and the next time it
somehow blows up, leaving me with an overall net loss (stock craters after a
buy) or a very bad missed opportunity (stock surges after a sell). Maybe with
these preferreds it's different though.

Yes, I have learned the hard way to use all-or-none tags to prevent small
partial executions.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 9:07:29 AM
From:E_K_S
CB&I to buy Shaw Group for $3 billion
http://goo.gl/jq1Ef

<blockquote>(Reuters) - Chicago Bridge & Iron Co (CBI.N) said on Monday that it
would buy Shaw Group Inc (SHAW.N) for about $3 billion in cash and stock to
create a big engineering and construction company focused on the energy
industry.</blockquote>

Owned both at one time but out of them now.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 9:13:17 AM
From:Mike K
Don't like this at all. CBI is the best of the E & C companies while SHAW is
one of the worst.
CBI paying too much.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 9:34:36 AM
From:E_K_S

New CEO at SVU

Wayne C. Sales to Become SUPERVALU President and Chief Executive Officer,
Replacing Craig Herkert

http://goo.gl/qOQGI
<blockquote>SUPERVALU (SVU) announced today that Wayne C. Sales has been named
president and chief executive officer, replacing Craig R. Herkert. Sales will
continue to serve as chairman of the Board. Director Philip L. Francis has been
elected lead director.</blockquote> New CEO is a start. I guess their previous
CEO they recruited from Walmart just did not get it done.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 9:39:54 AM
From:E_K_S
Hi Mike-

CBI was one of my best performers but sold my last chunk last month. CBI is
good on these acquisitions so, they must of thought some of those pieces were
of value. As you may recall, Shaw owned the old Westinghouse nuclear from
Hitachi which i think they eventually have sold.

Foster Wheeler AG (FWLT) -NasdaqGS and Fluor Corporation (FLR) -NYSE are two
that move up on my watch list if/when it is time to buy these construction
companies. For me, it's still a little early in the cycle. Both companies have
deep order books.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 11:07:16 AM
From:Paul Senior
CBI: I'm still there with it with buys from 3/10, 6/10.

A questionable acquisition at what may be a premium price:
"CB&I will pay $46 a share in cash and stock, according to statements today by
the companies. That’s 72 percent more than Shaw’s closing price July 27."

And it's going to be different this time(?):
"Both companies were counting on a nuclear renaissance that has yet to
materialize and, as construction partners of the first new nuclear plants in a
generation face costly penalties if the projects are dogged by the ballooning
costs and extensive rework that plagued U.S. nuclear construction during the
1970s and 1980s."

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-07-30/cb-i-to-buy-shaw-group-for-3-billion-i
-cash-and-stock.html?cmpid=yhoo
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 11:24:00 AM
From:Paul Senior
TESS: Adding my thanks also to you for the TESS idea. Stock's come down from
highs, seems to keep falling. I'm still very green though. Somewhat nervous,
I'll sell some shares now.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 11:56:06 AM
From:MikeS97707
I have exited TESS. I'm glad you profited too.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 1:10:53 PM
From:E_K_S
Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE: MRO) - Started initial position
Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) - Peeled off a few shares @ $109.75/share
http://goo.gl/slMP2
My CVX holdings (my top position) was getting too large as a percentage of the
portfolio (almost 8%) so I peeled off a few shares bringing the percentage down
to a 7% position and put the proceeds into MRO.

I have owned MRO in the past. The EKS$ is $38.5/share almost 40% undervalued
from the EKS$ value. More importantly the McDef report rates it undervalued w/
a .55 ratio vs CVX at .66.

Marathon Oil (MRO – Contrarian Buy)
Shale Growth, Dollar Hedge
July 10, 2012
http://goo.gl/r3RN7

<blockquote>Down 30% in price from the high of $35 on February 28, the stock of
Contrarian Buy Marathon Oil (MRO) offers new shale oil growth and a long-term
hedge against the devaluation of the dollar at the lowest McDep Ratio of 0.55
among U.S. Independent Producers in our coverage. Paced by Eagle Ford and
Bakken shale oil, onshore U.S. production is growing some 30% in 2012 toward
reaching about 30% of global oil and gas production at year end. At 90%, MRO is
most concentrated among peers on oil production, a real resource likely to
retain its value as the supply of dollars expands artificially to handle
mounting debt that could not otherwise be repaid. </blockquote> EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 2:33:30 PM
From:Paul Senior
CWH. Not sure I have the entire picture for CWH preferred issues. I see the C
series has now been called for redemption. Sorry, grommit, you'll just have to
take the enormous gain -g-... (Congrats on the near triple plus those very nice
distributions)

The C is 7 1/8%. The D is 6 1/2. Maybe people believe the D might be next for
redemption, the yield maybe not being so very different from the C (?). I guess
that's pushed up the price for the D's. I never bought the C's back in the day;
I do have just a little of the D's, and I'm selling a little bit now. Maybe the
rest later.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 2:42:00 PM
From:E_K_S
Interesting price action on the SVU 8% Bonds - Is this priced for a BK?

Supervalu 8% | Maturity:2016
http://goo.gl/mVHWr
Yield

<img
src='http://bond.morningstar.com/bondcomponent/GenerateBondChart.ashx?chart=thr
emonths&w=565&h=266&range=&ticker=B00001Y1LQ:1:10&color=0|&lan=en-US&#174;ion=U
A&cfg=GF:7&curry=CU$$$$$USD&extraParam=0&isS=false&isD=false&isF=false'>

http://goo.gl/GlvD8

<img
src='http://bond.morningstar.com/tmpImg/93/YTM/ChartPic_000164.png?84500d03-834
-47de-beb8-ae7c47915a4b'>

Not sure if this debt is priced as if there is a BK in the future. It is only
selling 15.5% below par w/ a relative yield of 13.36%.

If it stays steady and/or improves, I may begin to nibble at some of their
common shares. I expect them to sell their logistics business which is worth at
least $2.00/share. I would expect that any sale would include a long term
supplier/warehouse logistic agreement to the parent.

I was also wondering that the logistic unit might be spun off to shareholders
and the rest of the company would go into a structured BK. This way, all those
unfunded pension liabilities could be renegotiated.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 3:45:31 PM
From:Spekulatius
re SVu debt - at a15% discount to par the, bonds not priced for bankruptcy in
my opinion. Haircuts of 50%+ are common in bankruptcies.

was also wondering that the logistic unit might be spun off to shareholders and
the rest of the company would go into a structured BK. This way, all those
unfunded pension liabilities could be renegotiated. 

This would be almost certainly considered fraudulent and is unlikely to happen.
The dividend cut indicates, that SVU's management is working with the lenders.
i do think that the logistics division could potentially be sold, maybe to pay
off maturing bonds, although i think it might be tough to get this done, since
the main customer of the logistics arm is SVU, which obviously is in financial
trouble. I think bankruptcy is unlikely until the bonds mature in 2015. If they
cannot get them rolled over for reasonable rates, a bankruptcy filing may be
the best option. An earlier bankruptcy is possible, if the suppliers start to
bark and demand posting cash before delivery - SVU almost certainly does not
have the cash to do it, so this would force filing bankruptcy in short order to
keep the business going in one form or another.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 4:30:28 PM
From:Ditchdigger
Maybe the powers to be are coming around to fracking acceptance? Been reading a
bit more favorable articles and reporting on the subject as of late (see the
recent epa reports related to the "gasland" crock o sh#T). CJES up nicely today
as an example.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/30/2012 5:56:43 PM
From:Paul Senior
Fracking suppliers: I have a way to go before I'll see green with some of the
stocks I have in the sector. Holding losing positions in CFW.TO, HEK, LEA.V,
BRY.TO, FRC.TO, POOSF. Big ouch with CRR.

Slightly positive now with CJES.

I continue to hold.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 10:30:58 AM
From:Asymmetric
Any thoughts or opinions on Lufkin (LUFK?).
They were really taken to the woodshed yesterday
- down around 20% by end of the day.

- A.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 1:44:48 PM
From:Paul Senior
LUFK. I don't follow it. Anyone here who might, and has an opinion to offer,
please provide it.

At just my usual quick look, the stock still seems expensive, although looking
forward I've no idea about Lufkin's business prospects.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 2:09:10 PM
From:E_K_S
Supervalue 5/2016 8% $1,000 Par Bonds
http://goo.gl/mVHWr
Qsip: 868536AT0

Last price: $863.30 per $1,000 Note.
Bonds mature: 5/1/2016
Semiannual payments: Nov/May
Yield to maturity 12.5%

With the Fed signalling that they will keep rates low for another year (thru
2015), I decided to buy a few of these Corporate high yield bonds to create a
ladder at maturity for some of fixed income money. These will go into my
preferred & GNMA basket of bond money. Hopefully, the bonds will be paid off at
Par May 2016 (or earlier) when/if SVU (1) rolls over this debt and/or (2) pay
off the bonds. SVU discontinued the common dividend and are applying the
proceeds to pay down this debt.

Debt is also secured by their real estate holdings although it is still rated
junk B- by Moody's. My plan is to holds these to maturity about four years.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 3:33:33 PM
From:Dennis 3
<France and particulary their multinationals have done fairly well during the
last Socialist>

There is a wide belief that France's budget deficit caused their economic
crisis. I don't believe that. A socialist gov't is probably what they need
right now. The EU will probably print more money than the US, so that will
devalue its currency more which could be good news for MGDDY. but it will be
bumpy as the EU work through this mess.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 9:51:40 PM
From:E_K_S
Icahn sells stake in MGM for $590 mln: reports

http://goo.gl/GJMnk

SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -<blockquote>- Movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer has
reached a deal with Carl Icahn to buy back his shares in the film studio for
about $590 million, media reports said late Tuesday. MGM agreed to pay Icahn
$33.50 per share, representing a premium of roughly 20% over MGM's trading
price of $28 in private markets, according to the reports. Icahn owns 17.6
million shares which is equivalent to a 25% stake in the studio behind the
James Bond series, the reports said.</blockquote> Icahn has been doing a few
profitable deals lately. Is his fund IEP reflecting any of his recent
successful buy out offers (Amlyn, MGM etc)?

I thought this recent purchase was quite interesting:

July 28, 2012, 10:05 a.m. EDT
Icahn raises Navistar International stake to 14.9%
http://goo.gl/HQtfO

I would stay away from Navistar. They are having huge warranty issues. CMI is
the stronger company.
When a 57% Dip or Rock Bottom P/E Doesn't Mean a Buy
http://goo.gl/JSkDJ
<blockquote>So while Navistar struggles to get a proven technology in place,
its competitors are lunging forward. Cummins (NYSE: CMI) and PACCAR (NASDAQ:
PCAR) both reported solid results in their last quarters. <u>While surging
warranty claims ate into Navistar’s bottom line, Cummins' warranty costs
touched a 15-year low last year.</u> Both companies worked hard to get their
2010 engines meet compliance—one came out victorious while the other
faltered.</blockquote>
I think CMI is a value buy even at current prices. I have moved it up on my "to
buy" list.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 10:28:49 PM
From:Grommit
CWH-C. i already sold my CWH-C and bought common because all pref shares are
too pricey. I think that best common now are BDN, INN, AEC, MPW, GOV, FSP,
STAG... based on low PE, insider buying, div yield, and a mix of sectors.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 11:13:24 PM
From:Asymmetric
Article on Titan/TWI: Farming and Tires.

http://www.siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=28306214

- A.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:7/31/2012 11:57:37 PM
From:Paul Senior
re IEP: "Is his fund IEP reflecting any of his recent successful buy out offers
(Amlyn, MGM etc)?"

Afaik, there's no relationship or desirability for IEP shares here. (Amlyn,
MGM, NAV are deals outside of IEP, I believe.)

I have had an order in though for a tad more IEP if/when it drops back under
$38.

I continue to hold CMI shares. I don't at all understand the attraction for
NAV, and so, like you, I've passed on it.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 12:21:02 AM
From:Sergio H
Have you read IEP's 10k?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 12:52:25 AM
From:Spekulatius
Re NAV,PCAR-just look at this chart:

<img
src='http://chart.finance.yahoo.com/z?s=PCAR&t=my&q=l&l=on&z=l&c=NAV&a=v&p=s&la
g=en-US&region=US'>
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 12:54:58 AM
From:Paul Senior
No. I did search it though to see if those other companies were listed in it
before I commented. I also looked at the quarterly and the latest presentation.
I did not see those companies mentioned. Thus my response to EKS, if your
comment refers that aspect of EKS post and my response to that.

If you ask whether I read the 10k before I decided to make a buy or an add to
the stock, then my answer remains no. Buying IEP for me is almost solely a bet
on Mr. Icahn and what he can do or does with the investments in the company,
and/or what additions he makes. Helps attractiveness, imo, that the p/e,
p/stated bv are low at this time.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 1:19:26 AM
From:Paul Senior
PCAR is the better company. I have not a doubt about that. Certainly is shown
by PCAR having the far superior stock price over time.

When I see charts like you put up, I always wonder though. Okay, PCAR trounces
NAV. If I were to pick the stock of one company vs the other, is it really that
I should just go with PCAR and forget about NAV? How about going with the
loser, and making a bet that it can improve, that an improvement means more to
NAV and its stockholders and stock price, than the continuing good work by
PCAR. If NAV could improve, the percentage gain in the stock might well make it
a better investment if bought now, than betting on the continuation of the big
separation (referring to the chart) between the superior PCAR and the inferior
NAV. Just saying.

NAV's been terrible so long, for a number of reasons, that I'd not be one to
bet on it improving so much that it could be a better investment than PCAR. I
haven't looked at NAV enough to understand even what a reversion-to-mean might
be or what might cause it. Stock's at about $25; maybe if things got better for
the company, economy, something (more wars that use NAV trucks?) --- maybe NAV
might be seen to get back to $35 or more where it was just a few months ago. I
don't see it, and so I'm staying away. Otoh, Mr. Icahn's a buyer, so he must
see something.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 6:34:19 AM
From:Bocor
Not only is Ichan a big investor in NAV, but also Dr. Mark Rachesky, co-founder
of MHR Fund Management, purchased 900,000 shares through his funds on July 9
and currently controls almost 15% of the company.

Can't figure what they are planning. Sold the July puts, but so far haven't
stepped in yet for August or Sept.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 9:50:16 AM
From:E_K_S
Re: GOV

Picked up a few shares for the IRA $ $20.87/share. This is a new position. The
stock is trading like GOV will be cutting their dividend. Will pick up more
shares for the taxable account on any move below $21.00.

Volume is picking up now 10x avg volume so some type of news yet to be
announced.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 9:52:34 AM
From:CusterInvestor
Nice buy point...
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 9:59:39 AM
From:Grommit
GOV. These things are generally not trading errors (whatever that is.) they
already announced the div, so that' so that's not it either. Could be leaked
news. I'll take a chance and buy a few more shares. 21.55

Juy 9 --
Government Properties Income Trust announced a regular quarterly common share
distribution of $0.42 per common share ($1.68 per share per year). This
distribution will be paid to GOV’s common shareholders of record as of the
close of business on July 23, 2012 and distributed on or about August 22, 2012.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 10:16:35 AM
From:MCsweet
GOV,

I have seen a few of these, and it has all the hallmarks of a trading error.
Volume was tremendous and the shares sold exceeds all the top holders except
Vanguard and an insider, neither of whom would sell in that fashion. It is now
down only 2-3% versus 10% before.

I noticed volume was also way up in ARR on the buyside. Perhaps a crazy
pair-trade program gone awry.

MC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 10:19:29 AM
From:E_K_S
Bloomberg radio did announce some type of missed placed "automated" trade. KRO
was halted after reaching $20 and is now back to $17.30. Nite trading is saying
that they some some unusual trades that exceeded 10%. Perhaps some computer
trading error. GT was mentioned.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 12:00:46 PM
From:MCsweet
GOV, hear me now and listen to me later. It was a trading error.

Gnome on Machines

Aug 1, 2012 | 10:44 AM EDT

Five days, five minutes, what's the difference?</li></ul> High above the Alps,
my Gnome is saying that an algo program that was supposed to be executed over a
five-day period was mistakenly executed over a five-minute period this morning
and caused the unusual price behavior in certain equities.

Kill the quants before they kill us!

Here are some of the deviations in the volume over the first 60 minutes of
trading this morning in several equities, as compared with the 10-day average
full-day volume.

1,973% GOV U.S. Equity </li> 1,063% PL U.S. Equity </li> 747% MTZ U.S. Equity
</li> 672% EXG U.S. Equity </li> 578% N U.S. Equity </li> 518% BG U.S. Equity
</li> 420% HOG U.S. Equity </li> 407% TRN U.S. Equity </li> 401% PIR U.S.
Equity </li> 388% PPO U.S. Equity </li> 316% KRO U.S. Equity </li> 314% DDD
U.S. Equity </li> 305% DOLE U.S. Equity </li> 298% JWN U.S. Equity </li> 262%
HLF U.S. Equity </li> 248% MCP U.S. Equity </li> 248% NOK U.S. Equity </li>
247% FRX U.S. Equity </li> 238% FSL U.S. Equity </li> 237% LH U.S.
Equity</li></ul>
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 2:22:05 PM
From:Sergio H
Interesting article on playing the corn rally:

Corn Rally: Enough Is Enough
http://blogs.barrons.com/focusonfunds/2012/08/01/corn-rally-enough-is-enough/?s
urce=email_rt_mc_body&ifp=0
<blockquote>This is according to Ned Davis Research’s Warren Pies and John
LaForge, who looked at 20%-or-greater one-month increases in corn prices. A
year out from price spikes, prices aren’t much different. They’re range-bound,
and tend to fall a bit as the fifth or six month approaches, they
find.</blockquote> <blockquote> How to get exposure if corn futures’ big price
move is already over? It may be time to look at equities: Specifically, makers
of agricultural chemicals.

Specialty chemicals are “a logical choice for outperformance when corn prices
spike,” the Ned Davis analysts write. The obvious choices: Mosaic ( <a
href='http://quotes.barrons.com/mos' target='_blank'><u><span style='color:
#0066cc;'>MOS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 3:14:39 PM
From:Spekulatius
GLW also was down 6-7% to ~10.65$ on no news. Too bad i did not take advantage
of that, i was looking for news that had not been dessimated, apparently it was
just another mini-flash crash. Got to be aware that these type of things happen
from time to time and be ready to pounce.

Somebody probably lost ten's of million $ today.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 3:19:14 PM
From:Spekulatius
Sold my AVP today at a loss. Ouch. I expected the earnings to be bad, but
losses on reps (the lifeblood of the company) are staggering. the new CEO got a
lot of work to do and for me, it is not clear, if the company isn't beyond
repair. Dividend cut is next, and they should have taken the Coty offer and I
should have sold out when it was announced , rather than waiting for the stock
to close on 25$/share (the offer price). Could have, should have....Not a large
position, luckily.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 3:45:40 PM
From:NikhilJog
i wonder why ROC will benefit from a corn rally?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 4:06:34 PM
From:Spekulatius
Bought a little bit of ASI at the close @17.34$. yes it was me who got the
lowest price for the day :-). Note that this may not be the lowest price for
long, since they are supposed to announce earnings today. I believe ASI is
cheap P/B (even tangible book ) insurance play, nothing else. Mostly short tail
insurance so no big worries about interest rates and bonds (just small ones
<g>).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 5:26:11 PM
From:Sergio H
Fertilizer is a by-product of lithium production.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 6:02:16 PM
From:NikhilJog
cool. thanks a lot sergio.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 7:05:59 PM
From:Paul Senior
MVC: Decided to reenter this bdc with a small buy.

Yield is small for a bdc (3.8%). And it's been stuck at at .12/q for about
eight years. Otoh, at least it's not been cut, as have many bdc's '08-'10.

Stock trades below stated bv. Stated bv has been constant or somewhat
decreasing over the past several years. A positive though is that MVC has in
past bought back stock. Unlike several other bdc's, MVC hasn't issued new
shares and diluted shareholders.

Several recent insider buys. I will deploy a bit of cash and follow along for a
small buy.
http://finance.yahoo.com/q/it?s=MVC+Insider+Transactions

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=MVC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 7:17:01 PM
From:Sergio H
Nice going on PSX pick. Earnings report beat expectations and they announced a
share buyback plan.

Good work on NBR write-up too.

Here's my notes on ROC:

http://www.siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=28300594
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/1/2012 10:02:40 PM
From:NikhilJog
thanks sergio. I also posted QCOR as a potential short. Am not sure if someone
took a look at it.

I will look at ROC. as i said, it was my march-11 idea, so been a while.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 1:25:34 AM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
Edit: Nvm, shoulda read your post more carefully. :)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 11:36:12 AM
From:Bocor
NAV guided down this AM....still not in, but thinking about selling some puts
if I can get a decent premium. An awful lot of people smarter than I have a big
stake, and are increasing their stake.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 11:59:12 AM
From:NikhilJog
selling puts? well, make sure you do your homework thats all. this is an
interesting story and an election year none the less. Might not be that bad an
idea if you want to sell puts...naked or covered?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 11:59:49 AM
From:NikhilJog
why are you long GLW?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 12:08:05 PM
From:Bocor
always sell puts that I can cover. There are stocks out there that become
accidental high yielders based on some silly reason, or get tanked unreasonably
and if I can sell puts with a good premium, I can get either the premium or the
stock at a lower level and a higher yield.

Did that with WAG, got put the stock at $32, then sold on the ESRX news at $36.
Still sitting on TPX Sept. 17's and October 19's.

Gives nice spending money, although most of my portfolio is in divvy growth
companies that I don't touch.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 12:18:05 PM
From:E_K_S
NikhilJog -

If you do a little bit of research on this thread and the other value
investment thread, a lot of arguments have been posted why GLW is a stand out
value Buy.

EKS
http://goo.gl/Axv0e
http://goo.gl/sU8dh
http://goo.gl/D0xAy

Clownbuck
http://goo.gl/T3YzD
http://goo.gl/hmhaH

Grommit
http://goo.gl/Er7ON

Look, GLW has several excellent revenue streams and the company continues to
innovate. One week, one month or even one year does not change their value
proposition! This company has been around since the 1880's. This has been my
one best investments in the last 10 years as I picked up a huge position (for
me) in 2002 when it sold down to $5.00/share. Since then they have (and
continue) to reinvent themselves.

Too many investors look at renting stocks perhaps for days, weeks and even
months. That's not investing. You own a company because they continue to create
value for their shareholders. At least for me, GLW has done this year over
year.

It, just happens that the price of GLW shares are at a screaming buy level
(according to the way I measure value). I continue to add to my already large
position w/ an average cost now at $9.00/share.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 1:24:17 PM
From:NikhilJog
then i am with you. I would say go for it:) With situations like NAV, i will
never go naked. So thats good.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 1:26:22 PM
From:NikhilJog
thanks EKS. I think GLW went way below 5, from what i can remember in 2002 time
period. I will still in my undergrad school then.

Appreciate your comments. :)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 3:14:13 PM
From:E_K_S
Copper Mountain Mining Corporation (CPPMF)
Copper Mountain Mining Corporation (CUM.TO) (
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=CUM.TO )
Web Site: http://www.cumtn.com/s/index.php

Increased my initial tracking position by 150%. Moved my offer up a few cents
and got a fill at $3.08/share. I estimate this stock to be undervalued by as
much as 300%. Once they ramp up their production and the market understands
their production capacity and costs, I expect large buyers to come in. Also,
the down cycle for Copper could continue for another 12-18 months so I will be
building my position as prices fall.

This is a long term hold for me. I only have a 25% position at this time.

EKS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 3:45:44 PM
From:Dennis 3
GLW, earnings growth has not been consistent and appears to be cyclical. So if
you take the avg. over the past three years which is ~1.77 and apply a multiple
of 6( because of cyclical) you get 10.62. 10.62 is its 52 week low. looks to be
a buy when it gets close to that, with above avg ROE, ROA, and solid balance
sheet.

By the way, anyone looking at KCG? I see a wsj article trying to value the co.
with the lose of 440million.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 4:04:28 PM
From:Paul Senior
GLW. I like it for its low p/stated bv, growth in bv, more cash than ltd, past
several years of good profit margins. I just wonder if this performance can
continue, or if doubts about it are all in the price now or not. I have the
feeling that GLW is a a cyclical business.
Still, at about today's current low price, I'll make a few share bet on the
company.

I hope I won't be following this one down to the levels where EKS apparently
established his position (~$5)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 4:08:22 PM
From:Paul Senior
GOV: I continue to add as the stock falls.

Also DV.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/2/2012 4:13:03 PM
From:Paul Senior
BWP. Upped my position a little of this pipeline mlp as stock drops today.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=bwp&ql=1
%EOM----------------------

